File	Name	Slot	Script
banditcy	Ruffian	Slot 600	agrandbr
basilmut	Greater Basilisk	Slot 592	agrandbr
basilnad	Greater Basilisk	Slot 592	agrandbr
daerragh	Daer'Ragh	Slot 600	agrandrb
daesewlf	Daese	Slot 584	agrandlx
duplica1	Mirror Fiend	Slot 584	agrandrb
duplica2	Mirror Fiend	Slot 592	agrandrb
duplica3	Mirror Fiend	Slot 592	agrandbr
duplica4	Mirror Fiend	Slot 592	agrandrb
duplica5	Mirror Fiend	Slot 592	agrandrb
duplica6	Mirror Fiend	Slot 592	agrandrb
flambrid	Flaming Fist Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandbr
flamhusb	Flaming Fist Enforcer	Slot 608	agrandrb
flampun2	Flaming Fist Enforcer	Slot 584	agrandrb
gatewere	Gatekeeper	Slot 592	agrandrp
ghoullor	Greater Ghoul	Slot 592	agrandrb
gnollper	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandrb
gooddeat	Mirror Fiend	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobelite	Hobgoblin Elite	Slot 592	agrandrg
hobgoa_a	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
hobgoa_b	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
hobgoa_c	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
hobgoa_d	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
hobgoa_e	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
hobgob_a	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandsw
hobgob_b	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
hobgob_c	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrp
hobgob_d	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrp
hobgob_e	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobgzhur	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
ironelit	Blacktalon Elite	Slot 600	agrandbr
ironguar	Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
kaishwlf	Kaishas Gan	Slot 584	agrandbr
knightsk	Undead Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobola_e	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobold_d	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobold_e	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandbr
koboldab	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandcl
koboldal	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrb
koboldfl	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogreberz	Ogre Berserker	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogrebjor	Half Ogre	Slot 584	agrandrb
ogregr_b	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogregr_c	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandnc
ogregr_d	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogreha_b	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogrema_a	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogrema_b	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogrema_c	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogrema_d	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogrema02	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandea
ogrema03	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogremiri	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogreunsh	Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
pheoarch	Phoenix Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
pheogurd	Phoenix Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
sirine_a	Sirine	Slot 584	agrandrb
sirine_b	Sirine	Slot 584	agrandrb
sirine02	Sirine	Slot 608	agrandbr
skelet_b	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandlx
skelet_c	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandbr
skelet03	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandcl
skelfire	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrb
skelpetr	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandbr
skelwa02	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
skelwa03	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
taslgurk	Tasloi	Slot 592	agrandrb
zombie_c	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandbr
zombie_d	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
zombie_e	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandbr
0xal2dg	Hooded Alchemist	Slot 600	agrandbr
0xalchdg	Hooded Man	Slot 600	agrandrb
0xbegdg	Beggar	Slot 592	agrandrb
0xcom1dg	Man	Slot 592	agrandbr
0xcom2dg	Man	Slot 592	agrandbr
0xcom3dg	Man	Slot 592	agrandbr
0xcom4dg	Man	Slot 592	agrandrb
0xcom5dg	Man	Slot 592	agrandrb
0xdreadg	Colour's Dream	Slot 592	agrandbr
0xelddg	Elder	Slot 600	agrandrb
0xgguadg	Guardian	Slot 608	agrandrg
0xgoldg	Envious Gold	Slot 592	agrandbr
0xguidg	Marble Gaze	Slot 592	agrandsw
0xindg	Man	Slot 592	agrandrb
0xlorddg	Lord of Black Dream	Slot 592	agrandrb
0xlov1dg	Gentle Touch	Slot 592	agrandrb
0xlov2dg	Temper Touch	Slot 592	agrandsw
0xm1dg	Hooded Alchemist	Slot 592	agrandbr
0xm2dg	Hooded Keeper	Slot 592	agrandbr
0xmandg	Troubled man	Slot 592	agrandbr
0xolddg	Senex	Slot 600	agrandsr
0xpridg	Hooded Priest	Slot 592	agrandrb
0xrguadg	Guardian	Slot 608	agrandbr
0xsguadg	Guardian	Slot 608	agrandrb
0xstdg	Silvertongue	Slot 592	agrandrb
0xthi2dg	Woman	Slot 592	agrandnc
0xuddg	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrg
0xwi2dg	Mysterious Wizard	Slot 592	agrandbr
0xwizdg	Mysterious Wizard	Slot 592	agrandrb
0xyhdg	Gray Victim	Slot 600	agrandbr
0xym1dg	Man wearing Yellow	Slot 592	agrandcl
0xym2dg	Man wearing Yellow	Slot 592	agrandrb
3303grd1	Riatavin Elite Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
3303grd2	Riatavin Elite Warrior	Slot 608	agrandrb
3303prst	Studying Monk	Slot 592	agrandrb
3307wiz	Avrabar	Slot 600	agrandbr
3308grd1	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandrb
3308grd2	Mercenary	Slot 608	agrandbr
3308grd3	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandrb
aataqah	Aataqah	Slot 592	agrandbr
abazdg02	Tamah	Slot 592	agrandbr
abazigal	Abazigal	Slot 592	agrandrb
abisred1	Abishai	Slot 592	agrandsh
abydem01	Tanar'ri	Slot 600	agrandrg
achen	Statue	Slot 600	agrandrb
acolyte1	Talon Zogas	Slot 592	agrandbr
acolyte2	Dawnbringer Alvanna	Slot 608	agrandcl
acolyte3	Watchknight Aabir	Slot 592	agrandrb
adadop1b	Doppelganger	Slot 592	agrandbr
adamag1	Amnian Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
adamag2	Amnian Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
adamara	Officer Amarant	Slot 592	agrandrb
adangma1	Caius Blackwater	Slot 592	agrandbr
adangma2	Lucius Blackwater	Slot 592	agrandsh
adangma3	Marcus Blackwater	Slot 584	agrandrb
adangma4	Mencius Blackwater	Slot 584	agrandrb
adangvam	Jiki-ketsu-gakki	Slot 592	agrandbr
adasg1	Thug	Slot 592	agrandbr
adasg2	Thug	Slot 592	agrandrb
adasgurz	Asgurz	Slot 592	agrandbr
adblack	Blackthorne	Slot 608	agrandrb
adginpac	Ginpachi	Slot 600	agrandrb
adguard	Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
adhayate	Hayate	Slot 592	agrandrb
adkaede	Lady Kaede	Slot 592	agrandrb
admerch	Seline	Slot 592	agrandbr
admerz1	Yilli	Slot 600	agrandrb
admerz2	Senoj	Slot 592	agrandrb
admerz3	Akasha	Slot 592	agrandrb
admerz4	Bounty Hunter	Slot 592	agrandrb
admerz5	Bounty Hunter	Slot 592	agrandbr
admerzer	Desmond Merzer	Slot 600	agrandbr
adnin01	Master Ninja	Slot 592	agrandbr
adnin02	Master Ninja	Slot 592	agrandbr
adoli3	Bodyguard	Slot 592	agrandrg
adoliver	Oliver	Slot 592	agrandbr
adoyaji	Oyaji	Slot 592	agrandlx
adsakaki	Sakaki	Slot 592	agrandbr
adsawara	Sawara	Slot 592	agrandrb
adsuu	Suu	Slot 592	agrandrb
adsuu25	Suu	Slot 592	agrandbr
aeextort	Hanj	Slot 592	agrandrb
aegnoll	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandbr
aemerhob	Hobgoblin Archer	Slot 600	agrandrb
aemess	Messenger	Slot 608	agrandrb
aesold	Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
aewere1	Fighter	Slot 600	agrandbr
aewere2	Fighter	Slot 600	agrandbr
aewere3	Fighter	Slot 600	agrandbr
aewere4	Fighter	Slot 600	agrandbr
aewere5	Fighter	Slot 600	agrandrb
aewere6	Fighter	Slot 600	agrandrb
agaluf02	Alu-Fiend	Slot 584	agrandbr
agcamb02	Cambion	Slot 584	agrandbr
aggob05	Goblin Chief	Slot 592	agrandbr
aggob06	Goblin Shaman	Slot 592	agrandbr
aggob07	Goblin Shaman	Slot 592	agrandbr
airaspec	Air Aspect	Slot 592	agrandbr
akae	Akae	Slot 608	agrandbr
alagar	Alagar	Slot 592	agrandrb
alar	Alar	Slot 592	agrandbr
alex	Sir Beverus	Slot 592	agrandbr
alhel	Alhelor	Slot 600	agrandbr
alufie01	Alu-Fiend	Slot 592	agrandbr
alust01	Alustriel	Slot 592	agrandnc
alust02	Alustriel	Slot 592	agrandrb
alust03	Alustriel	Slot 592	agrandrb
alynar	Sir Alynar	Slot 608	agrandbr
amarch01	Captain Erelon	Slot 592	agrandbr
amarch02	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandrb
ambush01	Gatekeeper	Slot 584	agrandrb
amcapt01	Mercenary Captain	Slot 600	agrandrb
amcarras	Carras	Slot 608	agrandsr
amcst02	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandrb
amcst03	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandsh
amcst04	Mage	Slot 600	agrandrb
amduel03	Mercenary Captain	Slot 600	agrandbr
amfaheed	Faheed	Slot 600	agrandrb
amlich01	Vongoethe	Slot 592	agrandbr
ammag01	Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
ammajira	Majira	Slot 592	agrandrb
ammerc01	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandbr
ammerc02	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandbr
ammerc03	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandrb
ammerc04	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandsw
ammerc07	Mercenary	Slot 584	agrandnc
ammerc08	Mercenary	Slot 584	agrandbr
ammerc09	Mercenary	Slot 584	agrandrb
ammgrd01	Monk	Slot 600	agrandrb
ammgrd02	Monk	Slot 608	agrandbr
ammgrd03	Monk	Slot 592	agrandbr
ammgrd04	Guard Captain	Slot 600	agrandrb
ammgrd05	Monk	Slot 600	agrandrb
amminot	Minotaur	Slot 584	agrandrp
ammlegs	Monk	Slot 600	agrandbr
ammonk01	Monk	Slot 592	agrandrb
ammonk02	Monk	Slot 592	agrandrb
ammonk03	Monk	Slot 600	agrandrb
ammonk04	Monk	Slot 600	agrandsw
ammonk05	Monk	Slot 600	agrandrb
ammonk06	Monk	Slot 600	agrandrp
ammonk07	Monk	Slot 592	agrandbr
ammonk08	Monk	Slot 592	agrandrb
amncen1	Amnian Centurion	Slot 608	agrandrb
amnleg01	Amnian Legionary	Slot 592	agrandbr
amnleg1	Amnian Legionary	Slot 600	agrandrb
amsaemon	Saemon Havarian	Slot 592	agrandsh
amsi	Am-Si	Slot 592	agrandrb
amsmug01	Smuggler	Slot 608	agrandrb
amtarc01	Tethyrian Archer	Slot 592	agrandrb
amtcap01	Tethyrian Captain	Slot 592	agrandbr
amtcle01	Cleric Of Lathander	Slot 592	agrandbr
amtcler0	Cleric Of Lathander	Slot 592	agrandlx
amtgen01	Jamis Tombelthen	Slot 592	agrandrg
amtmag01	Tethyrian Battlemage	Slot 592	agrandsh
amtpik01	Tethyrian Pikeman	Slot 592	agrandbr
amumber	Umber Hulk	Slot 584	agrandrb
amwyvern	Lucy	Slot 608	agrandcl
anast	Valen	Slot 600	agrandbr
andrath	Andrath	Slot 592	agrandrb
ankheg	Ankheg	Slot 592	agrandrb
ankheg01	Ankheg	Slot 592	agrandbr
ankhegg	Ankheg	Slot 584	agrandsh
ankhegq	Ankheg	Slot 592	agrandbr
anno1	Announcer	Slot 600	agrandbr
anothug	Guard	Slot 592	agrandea
antenos	Antenos	Slot 592	agrandrb
appar	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrb
ar18arch	Archer	Slot 600	agrandrb
ar18dwaf	Duergar	Slot 600	agrandbr
ar18fam	Mist Mephit	Slot 592	agrandbr
ar18fig	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandrb
ar18mage	Mage	Slot 608	agrandrb
ar18prie	Priest of Cyric	Slot 600	agrandbr
ar18skel	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
ar18thif	Thief	Slot 608	agrandcl
aran	Aran Linvail	Slot 600	agrandrb
aran02	Aran Linvail	Slot 608	agrandrb
aranor	Aranor	Slot 600	agrandrb
arenthis	Arenthis	Slot 600	agrandsr
arianna	Arianna	Slot 592	agrandrb
arianna1	Arianna	Slot 592	agrandrb
arkani	Arkanis	Slot 592	agrandrb
arkanisg	Arkanis Gath	Slot 592	agrandbr
arled	Arledrian	Slot 592	agrandcl
army01	Orc	Slot 592	agrandbr
arnboy01	Apprentice Torturer Douglas	Slot 608	agrandbr
arnfgt01	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
arnfgt02	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
arnfgt03	Shadow Thief Archer	Slot 600	agrandrb
arnfgt04	Shadow Thief Thug	Slot 600	agrandbr
arnfgt05	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
arngrl01	Missy	Slot 592	agrandrb
arnman03	Cuchul	Slot 592	agrandrb
arnman04	Mitsu	Slot 592	agrandbr
arnman05	Achon	Slot 592	agrandrb
arnman08	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
arnman09	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
arnman10	Trainee	Slot 608	agrandbr
arnman11	Trainee	Slot 608	agrandbr
arntra01	Trainee	Slot 608	agrandrb
arntra02	Trainee	Slot 608	agrandbr
arntra03	Trainee	Slot 600	agrandrb
arntra04	Trainee	Slot 600	agrandbr
arntra05	Shadow Thief	Slot 608	agrandrb
arntra06	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
arnwar01	Shadow Thief Archer	Slot 592	agrandrb
arnwar02	Shadow Thief Thug	Slot 592	agrandrb
arnwar03	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandnc
arnwar04	Shadow Thief Footpad	Slot 592	agrandrb
arnwar05	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
arnwar06	Haz	Slot 584	agrandrb
arnwar07	Dedral	Slot 600	agrandrb
arnwar08	Tizzak	Slot 608	agrandrb
arnwar09	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
arnwar10	Priest of Mask	Slot 592	agrandrb
arval	High Mornmaster Arval	Slot 608	agrandrb
assagrd1	Kalvassa Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
assagrd2	Kalvassa Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
assagrd3	Kalvassa Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
assagrd4	Kalvassa Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
assagrd5	Kalvassa Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
assagrd6	Kalvassa Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
avarice	Warder	Slot 592	agrandbr
avaun11	Avaunis Adelez	Slot 592	agrandbr
avaun13	Avaunis Adelez	Slot 592	agrandbr
avaun9	Avaunis Adelez	Slot 592	agrandrb
avbatt02	Avrabar	Slot 600	agrandrb
avrabatt	Avrabar	Slot 600	agrandbr
avracut1	Avrabar	Slot 600	agrandrb
b!bertra	Bertram	Slot 608	agrandrb
b!gustav	Gustav	Slot 600	agrandrb
b!jolun	Jolun	Slot 592	agrandbr
b!laran	Laran	Slot 592	agrandbr
b!penny	Penny	Slot 600	agrandrb
b!reed	Reed	Slot 592	agrandrb
b!thug1	Plato	Slot 600	agrandbr
b!thug2	Crusher	Slot 600	agrandbr
b!thug3	Spike	Slot 600	agrandbr
b!valer	Valeria	Slot 600	agrandbr
badluck	Jariel	Slot 592	agrandbr
balelit1	Adherent	Slot 584	agrandbr
balelit2	Adherent	Slot 584	agrandbr
balelit3	Adherent	Slot 584	agrandbr
balelit4	Adherent	Slot 584	agrandbr
balelite	Monk	Slot 600	agrandbr
balth	Balthazar	Slot 592	agrandbr
bamng01	Amnian Guard	Slot 600	agrandrp
bamng02	Amnian Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
bandit2	Bandit	Slot 608	agrandea
baninvi	Barl	Slot 592	agrandrb
banshe01	Banshee	Slot 592	agrandsw
bansumon	Elven Demon	Slot 592	agrandea
barb1	Barbarian Tribesman	Slot 600	agrandbr
barb2	Barbarian Tribesman	Slot 600	agrandbr
barb3	Ornamus	Slot 600	agrandbr
barb4	Ornamus	Slot 592	agrandnc
barbgood	Barbarian Armsman	Slot 592	agrandbr
barbgrd	Barbarian Tribesman	Slot 592	agrandbr
barbgrd2	Barbarian Tribesman	Slot 600	agrandbr
barbheal	Barbarian Healer	Slot 592	agrandbr
barbkin2	King Heafnall	Slot 592	agrandrb
barbking	King Heafnall	Slot 592	agrandrb
barbmess	Barbarian Tribesman	Slot 592	agrandbr
barborn	Ornamus	Slot 592	agrandrb
bargood	Barbarian Armsman	Slot 592	agrandbr
barheal	Barbarian Healer	Slot 592	agrandbr
barl	Barl	Slot 600	agrandrb
baronp	Baron Ployer	Slot 600	agrandbr
barsail1	Sailor	Slot 592	agrandbr
barsail2	Sailor	Slot 592	agrandrb
basgrt01	Greater Basilisk	Slot 592	agrandbr
basill	Lesser Basilisk	Slot 592	agrandrb
basles01	Lesser Basilisk	Slot 592	agrandrb
baurian	Baurian Arathor	Slot 592	agrandbr
baurian2	Baurian Arathor	Slot 592	agrandbr
bazdra01	Draconis	Slot 592	agrandbr
bazdra02	Draconis	Slot 592	agrandbr
bazdra03	Fll'Yissetat	Slot 608	agrandbr
bazeye01	Iycanth the Mad	Slot 592	agrandbr
bazeye02	Iycanth the Mad	Slot 600	agrandrb
bazgau01	Gauth	Slot 600	agrandbr
bazliz01	Lizard Man Shaman	Slot 584	agrandbr
bazliz02	Lizard Man Shaman	Slot 584	agrandrb
bazliz03	Lizard Man	Slot 584	agrandbr
bazliz04	Lizard Man Captain	Slot 584	agrandbr
bazmonk	Monk	Slot 592	agrandrb
bazpat01	Bondari	Slot 600	agrandrb
bazpat02	Nanoc the Barbarian	Slot 600	agrandrb
bazpat03	Tim Goldenhand	Slot 600	agrandbr
bdbart01	Samuel Thunderburp	Slot 592	agrandrb
bdcoun03	Bodyguard	Slot 592	agrandrb
bdock1	Dockhand Ogre	Slot 592	agrandrb
bdock2	Dockhand Ogre	Slot 592	agrandrb
bdprst01	Shvanana	Slot 600	agrandbr
bdturm01	Turmish Leader	Slot 600	agrandbr
bdturm02	Turmish Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
bdturm03	Turmish Sorceress	Slot 600	agrandbr
bdturm04	Turmish Thug	Slot 600	agrandbr
beast	Beastmaster	Slot 600	agrandrb
beeloo	Beeloo Jansen	Slot 600	agrandrb
behdir01	Director	Slot 592	agrandbr
beheld01	Elder Orb	Slot 592	agrandbr
behgas01	Gas Spore	Slot 592	agrandrb
behgau01	Gauth	Slot 592	agrandbr
behhiv01	Hive Mother	Slot 592	agrandrb
behobs01	Observer	Slot 592	agrandrb
behold01	Beholder	Slot 592	agrandbr
behspe01	Spectator	Slot 592	agrandbr
behund01	Death Tyrant	Slot 592	agrandrb
belmin	Belmin Gergas	Slot 592	agrandbr
bendalis	Bendalis	Slot 592	agrandrb
bentha	Bentha	Slot 592	agrandbr
berinvar	Berinvar	Slot 600	agrandcl
berkref	Zorl	Slot 600	agrandbr
bgctboss	Amroch	Slot 600	agrandrb
bggard1	Riatavin Soldier	Slot 592	agrandrb
bghq1	Laelbor	Slot 600	agrandbr
bghq2	Dilfin	Slot 600	agrandrb
bghq3	Redandon	Slot 592	agrandbr
bgrape01	Prison Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
bgrape02	Prison Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
bgsavior	Araphor Carvel	Slot 592	agrandbr
bgsell1	Black Market Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
bgsell2	Black Market Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
bgsh01	Soldier	Slot 592	agrandea
bgsh02	Soldier	Slot 600	agrandnc
bgsh03	Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
bgsh04	Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
bgsh05	Sir Mardus	Slot 608	agrandrb
bgsh06	Soldier	Slot 600	agrandbr
bgsh07	Soldier	Slot 608	agrandbr
bgshbad1	Soldier	Slot 600	agrandbr
bgshbad2	Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
bgshbad3	Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
bgshbad4	Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
bgshbad5	Soldier	Slot 600	agrandbr
bgshbad6	Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
bgshboss	Amroch	Slot 600	agrandbr
bguard1	Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
bhaal01	Bhaal	Slot 592	agrandcl
bhalf1	Stivan the Hunter	Slot 592	agrandrb
bharval	High Mornmaster Arval	Slot 608	agrandbr
bhcapt01	Elite Guard Captain	Slot 600	agrandrg
bhelm	Guardian Vottnar	Slot 600	agrandrb
bheye	Unseeing Eye	Slot 592	agrandbr
bhgaal01	Elite Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
bhghoul1	Ghoul	Slot 600	agrandrb
bhghoul2	Ghast	Slot 584	agrandsr
bhghoul3	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandbr
bhghoul4	Ghast	Slot 584	agrandbr
bhghoul5	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
bhguard	Elite Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
bhguard2	Elite Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
bhnalla	Stormherald Nallabir	Slot 600	agrandbr
bhoisig	High Watcher Oisig	Slot 600	agrandnc
bishop	Bishop	Slot 584	agrandsh
blackl	Black Lily	Slot 592	agrandrb
blood01	Barbazu	Slot 584	agrandrb
blood01x	Barbazu	Slot 600	agrandbr
blood02	Amnizu Wizard	Slot 584	agrandbr
blood02x	Amnizu Wizard	Slot 600	agrandrb
bmerch1	Qadeel	Slot 592	agrandbr
bmthief	Marina	Slot 600	agrandrb
bmugg1	Mugger	Slot 600	agrandbr
bodfgt03	Guild Contact	Slot 592	agrandrb
bodhi	Bodhi	Slot 584	agrandbr
bodhi2	Bodhi	Slot 592	agrandbr
bodhiamb	Bodhi	Slot 592	agrandrb
bodtan	Tanova	Slot 600	agrandrb
bodvam01	Durst	Slot 600	agrandbr
bodvam02	Gellal	Slot 600	agrandnc
bogre1	Ogre	Slot 584	agrandbr
booter	Booter	Slot 600	agrandbr
booter02	Booter	Slot 592	agrandbr
borinall	Borinall	Slot 600	agrandrb
bounha02	Bounty Hunter	Slot 592	agrandbr
bounha03	Bounty Hunter	Slot 592	agrandbr
bounha04	Bounty Hunter	Slot 592	agrandbr
brage	Brage	Slot 600	agrandbr
braiwa1	Blind Priest	Slot 600	agrandsw
braiwa2	Blind Priest	Slot 608	agrandrb
braiwa3	Blind Priest	Slot 600	agrandrb
braiwa4	Blind Priest	Slot 608	agrandrg
braiwa5	Blind Priest	Slot 600	agrandbr
breg03	D'aerthe Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
bregg	Bregg	Slot 592	agrandrb
brelm	Brelm	Slot 600	agrandrb
brielb	Brielbara	Slot 600	agrandrb
bsailor1	Sailor	Slot 600	agrandrb
bsailor2	Sailor	Slot 592	agrandsr
bsailor3	Sailor	Slot 592	agrandbr
bshop01	Cutpurse	Slot 592	agrandbr
btelite	Black Talon Elite	Slot 600	agrandbr
bugarch	Bugbear	Slot 592	agrandcl
bugbear	Bugbear	Slot 592	agrandbr
bunkin	Bunkin	Slot 600	agrandsh
burn01	Body	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05ba01	Grey Clan Bandit	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05ba02	Grey Clan Bandit	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05ba03	Grey Clan Bandit	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05ba04	Grey Clan Bandit	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05ba05	Grey Clan Bandit	Slot 600	agrandbr
bw05ba06	Grey Clan Bandit	Slot 600	agrandrb
bw05ba07	Grey Clan Bandit	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05baat	Grey Clan Bandit	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05bach	Grey Clan Bandit	Slot 600	agrandrb
bw05barp	Grey Clan Bandit	Slot 608	agrandbr
bw05bbgd	Bodyguard	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05bl01	Bandit Leader	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05bl02	Bandit Leader	Slot 600	agrandnc
bw05bl03	Bandit Leader	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05bloj	"Bloody" Jim	Slot 600	agrandbr
bw05bori	Boris	Slot 600	agrandrb
bw05brma	Black-Robed Man	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05char	Charles	Slot 608	agrandbr
bw05cou1	Courtesan	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05cou2	Courtesan	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05cou3	Courtesan	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05dami	Damien	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05dw01	Fundor Balorslayer	Slot 600	agrandrb
bw05dw02	Frar Balorslayer	Slot 600	agrandrg
bw05dw03	Dwarven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandcl
bw05dw04	Dwarven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
bw05dw05	Dwarven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandrp
bw05erne	Ernest	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05eros	Eros	Slot 600	agrandrb
bw05fd01	Traitor	Slot 592	agrandcl
bw05ffap	Injured Woman	Slot 600	agrandrb
bw05ffde	Flaming Fist Deserter	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05ffge	General Jedyan	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05fist	Commander "Greyfist"	Slot 584	agrandsr
bw05gart	Gartuffe	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05gra0	Tattooed Man	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05grac	Grachus	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05grs1	Moon Horror	Slot 584	agrandlx
bw05grs2	Moon Horror	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05grz0	Wind Horror	Slot 600	agrandbr
bw05grz1	Undead Jedyan	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05grz2	Undead Guard	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05grz3	Undead Soldier	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05hert	Hertuk	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05john	John	Slot 592	agrandrb
bw05jusm	Jusam	Slot 608	agrandbr
bw05lind	High Sorceress Linda	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05mold	Crystal Servant	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05moni	Monica	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05octa	High Sorceress Octavia	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05ogma	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
bw05ogre	Ogre	Slot 592	agrandcl
bw05petr	High Sorceress Petrarca	Slot 592	agrandrb
bw05pump	Pumpkin	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05reuf	Reufasio	Slot 600	agrandrb
bw05rud2	Rudi "The Metaphysician"	Slot 592	agrandrb
bw05rudi	Rudi "The Metaphysician"	Slot 592	agrandrb
bw05sert	Dervanto	Slot 592	agrandrb
bw05skw1	Undead Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05skw2	Publius Dawnbringer	Slot 592	agrandbr
bw05tali	Talibehius	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05tame	Tamer	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05tbg1	Bodyguard	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05tbg2	Bodyguard	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05tbg3	Bodyguard	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05tbg4	Bodyguard	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05tbg5	Bodyguard	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05tbg6	Bodyguard	Slot 584	agrandrb
bw05terg	Tergius	Slot 584	agrandsr
bw05teve	Teven	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05thie	Thief	Slot 592	agrandsr
bw05tobo	Tobordur	Slot 584	agrandbr
bw05vlai	Vladimir	Slot 600	agrandrb
bw05will	William	Slot 600	agrandbr
bw05xeph	Xephistagoras	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#ajalex	Sir Beverus	Slot 600	agrandrb
c#ajan08	Sir Ajantis	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#ajan09	Sir Ajantis	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#ajan10	Sir Ajantis	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#ajan12	Sir Ajantis	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#ajan14	Sir Ajantis	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#ajan16	Sir Ajantis	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#ajdoug	Douglas	Slot 608	agrandbr
c#ajkend	Sir Laren	Slot 600	agrandbr
c#ajpr01	Priest Antaunus	Slot 608	agrandrb
c#ajshbo	Messenger	Slot 608	agrandrb
c#ajske1	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#ajske2	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#ajsked	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#ajtrae	Malmae	Slot 600	agrandcl
c#ajudzo	Handmaiden of Lolth	Slot 600	agrandbr
c#dkn01	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#dkn02	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#dkn03	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#dkn04	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#dkn05	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#knig01	Lady Eleiana	Slot 608	agrandsw
c#knig02	Lady Tebena	Slot 608	agrandbr
c#knig03	Lady Uria	Slot 608	agrandrb
c#knig04	Lady Kayla	Slot 608	agrandrb
c#knig05	Sir Dalahn	Slot 608	agrandbr
c#knig06	Sir Mahlam	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#knig07	Squire Roman	Slot 608	agrandrb
c#q01004	Tulbor	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#q04002	Baby Wyvern	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#q06002	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#ryan	Sir Paritin	Slot 600	agrandbr
c#sbabol	Aboleth	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrc1	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#sbdrc2	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrf0	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrf1	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#sbdrf2	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrf3	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#sbdrf4	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#sbdrf5	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrf6	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrf7	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrf8	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrf9	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrm1	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrm2	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
c#sbdrm3	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbdrm4	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
c#sbduer	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandbr
c6bguard	Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
c6bodhi	Bodhi	Slot 608	agrandbr
c6cler1	Cleric Of Lathander	Slot 592	agrandbr
c6cler2	Cleric Of Helm	Slot 592	agrandsw
c6cler3	Cleric Of Talos	Slot 592	agrandbr
c6del	Del	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6drow1	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
c6drow2	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
c6elf1	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
c6elhan	Elhan	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6elven2	Elven War Guard	Slot 608	agrandsh
c6elvenw	Elven War Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
c6extr01	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6extr02	Elven Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
c6extr03	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6extr04	Elven Mage	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6fake	Elhan	Slot 592	agrandrg
c6gener	General Sovalidaas	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6god	Elven God	Slot 592	agrandbr
c6harei	Hareishan	Slot 592	agrandrb
c6harp	Malchor Harpell	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6kach2	Kachiko	Slot 592	agrandlx
c6kngt1	Morning Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
c6kngt2	Shield Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
c6kngt3	Storm Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
c6lanf	Lanfear	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6mere	Meredath	Slot 592	agrandbr
c6mess	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6salia	Salia	Slot 592	agrandbr
c6squire	Squire Cathras	Slot 600	agrandlx
c6tanov	Tanova	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6valen	Valen	Slot 600	agrandrb
c6vamp01	Fledgling Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
c6vflm01	Fledgling Vampire	Slot 584	agrandlx
c6were1	Wolfwere	Slot 584	agrandrb
c6were2	Wolfwere	Slot 600	agrandea
c6wulf	Wulfgar	Slot 592	agrandbr
cadril	Sir Cadril	Slot 608	agrandcl
caehan	Caehan	Slot 600	agrandrb
cailan	Statue	Slot 592	agrandrb
calaha	Calahan	Slot 592	agrandbr
caligen1	Noble Efreeti	Slot 592	agrandbr
caligen2	Efreeti	Slot 592	agrandea
caligen3	Noble Djinni	Slot 592	agrandcl
calimart	Giblan	Slot 592	agrandsr
caliprig	Arabic Thug	Slot 592	agrandrb
calistel	Store Guard	Slot 608	agrandrb
calitemp	Priest of Waukeen	Slot 592	agrandbr
calithug	Arabic Thug	Slot 592	agrandbr
caliwolf	Wererat	Slot 584	agrandbr
calmeet1	Arab	Slot 584	agrandbr
calshop1	Trader	Slot 584	agrandbr
calshop2	Trader	Slot 584	agrandbr
cambion2	Cambion	Slot 592	agrandrp
camitis	Camitis	Slot 592	agrandbr
candx01	Brother Masoj	Slot 592	agrandbr
candx02	Brother Haunnas	Slot 592	agrandrb
candx03	Brother Entris	Slot 592	agrandbr
candx04	Brother Canidez	Slot 592	agrandrb
candx05	Brother Eviane	Slot 592	agrandbr
candx06	Brother Thael	Slot 592	agrandrb
candx07	Brother Alden	Slot 592	agrandbr
carbos	Carbos	Slot 600	agrandbr
cavdrow1	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
cavdrow2	Drow	Slot 584	agrandrb
cavdrow3	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
ccguard1	Copper Coronet Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
ccguard2	Copper Coronet Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
cdtroll1	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
cdtroll2	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
cearwin	Cearwin	Slot 592	agrandrb
cechal02	Master Verthan	Slot 608	agrandrb
cechalle	Master Verthan	Slot 608	agrandbr
cedelich	Deril Lich	Slot 600	agrandrb
cederil	Deril	Slot 608	agrandbr
cedruid1	Pauden	Slot 592	agrandrb
cedruid2	Dalok	Slot 592	agrandrb
cefgt01	Adherent	Slot 608	agrandbr
cefgt02	Shadow Druid	Slot 608	agrandrb
cefgt03	Adherent	Slot 608	agrandbr
ceglut	Glut	Slot 592	agrandbr
ceigarol	Igarol	Slot 600	agrandrb
celich	Lagole Gon	Slot 600	agrandbr
celvan	Crazy Celvan	Slot 592	agrandbr
centeo01	Centeol	Slot 592	agrandbr
ceskel01	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
cguard1	Cultist Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
cguard2	Cultist Guard	Slot 608	agrandrg
ch3grd01	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
ch3mag01	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
chak	Chak	Slot 592	agrandrb
chalcy01	Cyric	Slot 592	agrandbr
chalcy02	Favored of Cyric	Slot 592	agrandbr
chalslay	Slayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
chalsp01	Gavid	Slot 592	agrandbr
chaltrol	Giant Troll	Slot 608	agrandbr
chang01	Angelo	Slot 592	agrandbr
chang02	Angelo	Slot 592	agrandbr
chevil01	Kobold Commando	Slot 608	agrandbr
chevil02	Doppelganger	Slot 600	agrandrb
chevil03	Ogre Mage	Slot 600	agrandrb
chevil04	Sahuagin	Slot 600	agrandrb
chevil05	Gnoll Captain	Slot 600	agrandbr
chevil06	Drow Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
chevil07	Drow Priestess	Slot 600	agrandrb
chevil08	Bodhi	Slot 600	agrandbr
chgood04	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
chgood05	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandrb
chgood06	Knight of the Order	Slot 600	agrandbr
chgood07	Duke Eltan	Slot 600	agrandrb
chgood08	Aran Linvail	Slot 608	agrandrb
chgood09	Ellesime	Slot 600	agrandrb
chsam01	Semaj	Slot 592	agrandbr
chsam02	Semaj	Slot 592	agrandrb
chtaz01	Tazok	Slot 592	agrandrb
chtaz02	Tamoko	Slot 592	agrandrb
chwraith	Child Spirit	Slot 592	agrandrb
cileen	Cileen	Slot 584	agrandbr
civfrus1	Jeremiah Jamtoes	Slot 592	agrandrb
civil03	Civil Servant	Slot 600	agrandrb
clcoti01	Cotirso	Slot 600	agrandbr
cldad	Talon Nirkhas	Slot 592	agrandrb
clelun01	Eluno	Slot 592	agrandbr
clgijj01	Gijjal of the House Malario	Slot 592	agrandnc
cllatp01	Dawnmistress	Slot 592	agrandrb
clmalg01	Malario Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
clone01	Escaped Clone	Slot 608	agrandrb
clone1	Escaped Clone	Slot 600	agrandbr
clrani01	Rania	Slot 592	agrandbr
clstkn01	Storm Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
cltalp01	Weather Master	Slot 592	agrandrb
cltcut01	Cultist	Slot 600	agrandbr
cltcut02	Cultist	Slot 592	agrandbr
cltcut03	Elite Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
cltiva01	Ti'Vael	Slot 592	agrandrp
cm02a514	Khan Noonian Singh	Slot 592	agrandsr
cm03a514	Quintus the Quick	Slot 600	agrandbr
cm04a514	Garak the Banelord	Slot 600	agrandbr
cm05a514	Gorth	Slot 592	agrandrp
cm1800a1	Black Talon Elite	Slot 600	agrandrb
cm1803a1	Black Talon Elite	Slot 600	agrandbr
cm1803a2	Black Talon Elite	Slot 600	agrandbr
cm1803a3	Dark Silvia	Slot 584	agrandrb
cm1803a4	Morgan	Slot 584	agrandrp
cm1a2100	Druid	Slot 600	agrandrb
cm2300a1	Caravan Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
cm2300a2	Caravan Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
cm2300a3	Caravan Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
cm2a2100	Druid	Slot 600	agrandrb
cm330007	Morninglord	Slot 592	agrandbr
cm330008	Morninglord	Slot 592	agrandrb
cm3a2100	Selene	Slot 608	agrandbr
cmapoc1	Burning Dead	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmapoc2	Burning Dead	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmashiru	Ashirukuru	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmbou01	Zargos Flintblade	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmbou03	Malious	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmbou04	Phallen Nightsbane	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmbou05	Necardian	Slot 600	agrandrg
cmbou06	Isolde	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmbou07	Mendas	Slot 592	agrandrp
cmbou08	Garret	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmbou09	Allister	Slot 600	agrandea
cmbou10	Zara	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmbou11	Hilgaar	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmdrag	Dragon	Slot 592	agrandlx
cmdru02	Kieran	Slot 608	agrandbr
cmdru04	Druid	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmdru05	Druid	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmdru06	Druid	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmdru07	Druid	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmdry01	Crazy Dryad	Slot 600	agrandbr
cmelf01	Jhaeros Auglathla	Slot 600	agrandbr
cmelf02	Ygrainne Windstar	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmelf03	Elven Body Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
cmelf04	Elven Body Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
cmelf05	Elven Body Guard	Slot 600	agrandea
cmggo1	Goblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmggob1	Goblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmghau01	Greater Ghoul	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmghst01	Arch Mage Arias	Slot 600	agrandrb
cmghst02	Ghost Knight	Slot 592	agrandsr
cmghst03	Ghost Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmghst04	Ghost Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmghst05	Anton Valor	Slot 584	agrandbr
cmghst06	Garrett	Slot 584	agrandbr
cmghst07	Synthia Malivore	Slot 584	agrandrb
cmghst08	Arch Mage Natas	Slot 584	agrandrb
cmgnol01	Gnoll Clan Leader	Slot 592	agrandsw
cmgnol02	Gnoll Clan Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmgnol03	Gnoll Elite Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmgnol04	Gnoll Veteran Warrior	Slot 592	agrandnc
cmhob01	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandsh
cmhob02	Hobgoblin Elite	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmhob03	Hobgoblin General	Slot 592	agrandsw
cmirone	Black Talon General	Slot 600	agrandrb
cmkob01	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandnc
cmkob02	Kobold Clan Leader	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmkob03	Kobold Witch Doctor	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmmagnu	Magnus	Slot 600	agrandbr
cmmystr	Ratava Artsym	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmnajar2	Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmnajar4	Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmogrem1	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmosec01	Oversight Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmosec02	Oversight Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmosec03	Oversight Priest	Slot 608	agrandrb
cmosec04	Oversight War Wizard	Slot 608	agrandrb
cmosec05	Oversight Elite	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmosec06	Oversight Elite	Slot 592	agrandrg
cmosec07	Oversight Elite	Slot 592	agrandsh
cmosec08	Oversight Bard	Slot 600	agrandbr
cmosec09	Oversight Priest	Slot 600	agrandrb
cmosec10	Torture Twin	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmosec11	Torture Twin	Slot 600	agrandrb
cmosec13	Oversight War Wizard	Slot 608	agrandbr
cmosec14	Oversight War Wizard	Slot 608	agrandrb
cmosec15	Oversight Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmosec16	Oversight Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmrwiz02	Erica	Slot 600	agrandrb
cmrwiz03	Jeneik	Slot 600	agrandbr
cmsec01	Paul Wolfe	Slot 600	agrandrb
cmsec02	Nikita	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmsec03	Madeline	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec04	Michael Samuelle	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmsec05	Quinn	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec06	Davenport	Slot 592	agrandcl
cmsec07	Andrea	Slot 608	agrandrb
cmsec08	George	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec08a	George	Slot 608	agrandrb
cmsec10	Section Operative	Slot 608	agrandea
cmsec10a	Section Operative	Slot 608	agrandrb
cmsec10b	Section Operative	Slot 608	agrandbr
cmsec10c	Section Operative	Slot 608	agrandrb
cmsec11	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmsec12	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec12a	Section Elite	Slot 608	agrandbr
cmsec12b	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec12c	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmsec12d	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec13	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmsec14	Section Elite	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec14a	Section Elite	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmsec14b	Section Elite	Slot 592	agrandcl
cmsec15	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmsec16	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec17	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec18	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec19	Section Elite	Slot 608	agrandrb
cmsec20	Section Operative	Slot 584	agrandbr
cmsec20a	Section Operative	Slot 608	agrandrb
cmsec21	Lillian Darkwater	Slot 584	agrandrb
cmsec22	Section Operative	Slot 608	agrandbr
cmsec23	Section Operative	Slot 592	agrandsr
cmsec24	Section Elite	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmsec25	Section Elite	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmske01	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmske02	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrp
cmske03	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandcl
cmske04	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmskel01	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
cmskel02	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandsh
cmskel03	Death Knight	Slot 584	agrandrb
cmskel04	Death Knight	Slot 584	agrandbr
cmwyba	Baby Wyvern	Slot 592	agrandcl
cmwybi1	Beren	Slot 592	agrandrb
cmwybi2	Luthian	Slot 592	agrandrb
cohnta	Cohn Ta'glaen	Slot 592	agrandea
cohrvale	Cohrvale	Slot 600	agrandrb
copamb01	Gladiator	Slot 592	agrandbr
copamb02	Copper Coronet Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
copamb03	Gladiator	Slot 592	agrandnc
copamb04	Gladiator	Slot 592	agrandrb
copamb05	Copper Coronet Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
copcust3	Nobleman	Slot 592	agrandbr
copgreet	Frankie	Slot 608	agrandsr
cor	Cor Delryn	Slot 592	agrandrb
corgeig	Corgeig Axehand	Slot 592	agrandrb
corneil	Corneil	Slot 592	agrandbr
counsec	Council Secretary Ewenn	Slot 600	agrandsr
cowenf02	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 608	agrandbr
cowenf1	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 608	agrandbr
cowenf3	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 608	agrandbr
cowenf4	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 608	agrandrb
cowld	Cowled Wizard	Slot 600	agrandrb
cowled	Cowled Wizard	Slot 592	agrandbr
cowled01	Cowled Wizard	Slot 600	agrandbr
cragmoon	Mrs. Cragmoon	Slot 600	agrandbr
c-renal	Renal	Slot 600	agrandrb
crothf01	Tiiro	Slot 592	agrandrb
crothf02	Aulava	Slot 592	agrandrb
cscleric	Dawnmaster Kreel	Slot 600	agrandbr
cscowl1	Cowled Wizard	Slot 592	agrandbr
cscowl2	Cowled Wizard	Slot 592	agrandsr
cscowl3	Cowled Wizard	Slot 592	agrandrb
cscowl4	Cowled Wizard	Slot 592	agrandbr
cscowl5	Cowled Wizard	Slot 592	agrandrb
cscowl6	Cowled Wizard	Slot 592	agrandbr
cscowl7	Cowled Wizard	Slot 592	agrandrb
cscowl8	Cowled Wizard	Slot 592	agrandcl
cscowl9	Cowled Wizard	Slot 592	agrandbr
csgaal	Gaal	Slot 608	agrandrb
csgayl	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandrb
csiren	Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
csjon	Mage	Slot 592	agrandcl
csthief1	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandrb
csthief2	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandrb
csthief3	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
csthief4	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandea
ctraitor	Tad	Slot 608	agrandsh
cuardul	Matron Mother Ardulace	Slot 592	agrandbr
cubodhi	Bodhi	Slot 592	agrandbr
cucow1	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandrb
cucow2	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandrb
cucow3	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandrg
cuguard	Baragh	Slot 592	agrandrb
cultbh1	Gauth	Slot 592	agrandrb
cultbh2	Gauth	Slot 592	agrandnc
cultbh3	Beholder	Slot 592	agrandbr
cultbh4	Spectator	Slot 592	agrandrb
cultist1	Cultist	Slot 600	agrandlx
cultist2	Cultist	Slot 600	agrandbr
cupris1	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
cupris2	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
cushad1	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
cushad2	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
cushad3	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
cushad4	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
cushad5	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
cushad6	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
cutamfig	Fighter	Slot 584	agrandrg
cutamgrd	Monk	Slot 592	agrandrb
cutammag	Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
cutbalth	Balthazar	Slot 592	agrandnc
cutgrd01	Monk	Slot 592	agrandbr
cutgrd02	Monk	Slot 592	agrandbr
cutgrd03	Monk	Slot 592	agrandbr
cutgrd04	Monk	Slot 592	agrandbr
cutmelis	Melissan	Slot 592	agrandrb
cuwiz1	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandrp
cuwiz2	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandrb
cuwiz3	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandbr
cuwiz4	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandbr
cuwiz5	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandrb
cuwiz6	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandbr
cuwizc	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandbr
cuwizsu	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandbr
cyc01	Cyclops	Slot 592	agrandrb
cyccali1	Cyclops	Slot 592	agrandrb
cyccali2	Cyclops	Slot 592	agrandbr
cyccali3	Cyclops	Slot 592	agrandrb
cyrando	Cyrando	Slot 592	agrandbr
cythan	Cythandria	Slot 608	agrandrb
d1ghost	Alianna	Slot 592	agrandbr
d1mothdw	Alianna	Slot 592	agrandrb
d1mothel	Alianna	Slot 592	agrandrb
d1mothha	Alianna	Slot 592	agrandlx
d1mothhu	Alianna	Slot 592	agrandrb
d2fue	Fuernebol	Slot 608	agrandbr
daabol	Aboleth	Slot 592	agrandsw
dadrow1	Drow Servant	Slot 600	agrandrb
dadrow10	Drow Torturer	Slot 600	agrandrb
dadrow11	Drow Torturer	Slot 592	agrandrb
dadrow12	Overseer Handmaiden	Slot 608	agrandrb
dadrow13	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
dadrow14	Drow	Slot 600	agrandbr
dadrow15	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
dadrow16	Drow	Slot 600	agrandrb
dadrow17	Taso Kala	Slot 600	agrandbr
dadrow18	Spelljammer Drow	Slot 600	agrandrb
dadrow19	Drow	Slot 600	agrandbr
dadrow2	Drow Servant	Slot 600	agrandbr
dadrow21	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
dadrow22	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
dadrow23	Drow	Slot 600	agrandbr
dadrow24	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
dadrow25	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
dadrow26	Drow	Slot 600	agrandbr
dadrow3	Drow Slave Trader	Slot 592	agrandbr
dadrow4	Drow Priestess	Slot 592	agrandbr
dadrow5	Drow	Slot 608	agrandrb
dadrow7	Drow	Slot 600	agrandrb
dadrow8	Drow Torturer	Slot 600	agrandbr
dadrow9	Drow Torturer	Slot 600	agrandrb
daduer1	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandbr
daduer2	Duergar	Slot 608	agrandrp
daduer3	Duergar	Slot 600	agrandbr
daduer4	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandrb
dadwarf	Dwarf	Slot 600	agrandrb
daelf	Elven Mage	Slot 600	agrandrb
daelf2	Elven Mage	Slot 600	agrandrb
dagenie	Dola Fadoon	Slot 600	agrandnc
daghaun1	Ghaunadaur Priest Leader	Slot 592	agrandrb
daghaun2	Ghaunadaur Priest	Slot 592	agrandrb
dagith1	Githyanki Captain	Slot 600	agrandrb
dagith2	Githyanki	Slot 600	agrandbr
dagmag01	Relonar	Slot 592	agrandbr
dagnoll	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandrb
daitel	Ghost	Slot 592	agrandbr
dakobold	Kobold	Slot 608	agrandbr
damind1	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandbr
damind2	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
danno	Danno Fairfoot	Slot 592	agrandsw
daqilue	Qilue	Slot 600	agrandrb
dario	Dario Thet	Slot 592	agrandrb
dariogr1	Assassin Mage	Slot 584	agrandrb
dariogr2	Assassin Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
dariogr3	Assassin Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
dariogr4	Assassin Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
dariogr5	Assassin Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrp
darioms2	Calimport Messenger	Slot 592	agrandrb
dariomsg	Calimport Messenger	Slot 592	agrandnc
daslave1	Slave Leader	Slot 592	agrandbr
daslave3	Slave Boy	Slot 592	agrandrb
daslave4	Slave Girl	Slot 592	agrandbr
daspitro	Spirit Troll	Slot 592	agrandrp
dassin	Shadow Thief	Slot 584	agrandrb
datroll	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
daumber	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandrb
dawnmas	Dawnmaster Kreel	Slot 592	agrandbr
dbonef01	Bone Fiend	Slot 592	agrandbr
dcleric	Mad Cleric	Slot 592	agrandrb
dcowl1	Rayic Gethras	Slot 600	agrandbr
dd1700cl	Berun	Slot 592	agrandbr
dd1700fi	Giron	Slot 592	agrandbr
dd1700ra	Yulur	Slot 592	agrandrb
dd1700wi	Slurice	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddarnie	Arnie	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddassa01	Assassin of Cyric	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddassa02	Assassin of Cyric	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddbandi1	Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddbandi2	Soldier	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddbandi3	Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddblbl01	Black Blade Assassin	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddblbl02	Black Blade Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddcapt01	Captain	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddcrazy1	Manifest Lunatic	Slot 600	agrandbr
ddcyric2	Larala	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddcyric3	Larala	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddcyric4	Larala	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddfrost1	Frost Giant	Slot 592	agrandsr
ddgame01	Man	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddgame03	Venonocanes Staff	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddguar01	Guard	Slot 592	agrandcl
ddguard1	Guardian	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddguard2	Guardian	Slot 592	agrandea
ddguard3	Guardian	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddguard4	Guardian	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddguard5	Guardian	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddguard6	Guardian	Slot 592	agrandlx
ddhall01	Krent	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddmanarc	Manifest Archer	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddmanpea	Manifest Peasant	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddmansha	Manifest Shadow	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddmary	Mary Magus	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddogre01	Ogre	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddpkmap	Salesman	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddplota4	Manifest Shadow	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddplota5	Monster	Slot 600	agrandbr
ddpo05ab	Ranger	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddpoten1	Potencius	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddragbrw	Arrellaxerrontoal	Slot 592	agrandea
ddsold01	Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddsold02	Soldier	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddsold03	Soldier	Slot 592	agrandea
ddsold04	Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddsold06	Scout	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddspectr	Manifest Spectre	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddtempl1	Battle Cleric	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddtero01	Tero	Slot 600	agrandrb
ddtroll1	Troll	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddtroll2	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddwarp01	Elven Wizard	Slot 600	agrandrb
ddyolkum	Yolkum	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddyuan01	Yuan-Ti	Slot 592	agrandbr
ddyuan02	Greater Yuan-ti	Slot 592	agrandrb
ddyuan03	Yuan-Ti Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
dead2	Amnian Soldier	Slot 592	agrandrb
deadb01	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandbr
deadb02	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandrb
deadb03	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandrb
deadbeh1	Beholder	Slot 592	agrandrb
deadbeh2	Gauth	Slot 592	agrandrb
deaddem1	Cornugon	Slot 592	agrandbr
deaddem2	Quasit	Slot 592	agrandrb
deadfuck	Amnian Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
deathk1	Demon Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
deathkni	Demon Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
deck615	Demon Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
deck622	Death Shade	Slot 592	agrandrb
deckass1	Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
deckwar1	Fighter	Slot 592	agrandrb
dedsmug	Smuggler	Slot 608	agrandrb
degard	Degardan	Slot 608	agrandbr
del	Del	Slot 592	agrandbr
dellow	Del	Slot 592	agrandsh
delnob01	Nobleman	Slot 600	agrandrb
delryng1	Delryn Door Guard	Slot 608	agrandbr
delsvir	Delsvirftanyon	Slot 592	agrandbr
demabi01	Abishai	Slot 592	agrandbr
demcor01	Cornugon	Slot 592	agrandrb
demfig01	Falahar	Slot 600	agrandbr
demfig02	Valeria	Slot 608	agrandbr
demgla01	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandbr
demglab2	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandea
demgrdr1	Amnish Soldier	Slot 592	agrandrb
demgrdr2	Amnish Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
demgrdr3	Amnish Soldier	Slot 592	agrandrb
demgrdr4	Amnish Soldier	Slot 592	agrandsr
demgrdrx	Amnish Soldier	Slot 592	agrandlx
demilich	Demilich	Slot 584	agrandrb
demlord	Lesser Demon Lord	Slot 584	agrandbr
demmag	Dracandros	Slot 592	agrandrb
demmau01	Maurezhi	Slot 592	agrandrp
demnab02	Nabassu	Slot 592	agrandrg
demninv2	Barl	Slot 592	agrandbr
demninvi	Barl	Slot 592	agrandbr
demoarch	Fighter	Slot 600	agrandbr
democler	Cleric	Slot 600	agrandrb
demogor1	Imprisoned One	Slot 592	agrandbr
demogor2	Demogorgon	Slot 592	agrandnc
demosum1	Marilith	Slot 592	agrandbr
demosum2	Balor	Slot 592	agrandrb
demosum3	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandrb
dempit01	Pit Fiend	Slot 592	agrandbr
dempitr1	Pit Fiend	Slot 592	agrandbr
dempitr2	Pit Fiend	Slot 592	agrandrb
dempri	Pitre	Slot 592	agrandbr
demson	Sir William Reirrac	Slot 608	agrandrb
demsuc01	Succubus	Slot 592	agrandrb
deriny01	Erinyes	Slot 592	agrandrb
derrick	Derrick	Slot 592	agrandbr
deshar	Ferric Ironblade	Slot 608	agrandrb
devaevil	Fallen Deva	Slot 592	agrandbr
devagood	Deva	Slot 592	agrandrb
devast01	Astral Deva	Slot 592	agrandbr
devmon01	Monadic Deva	Slot 592	agrandbr
dgdru01	Druid	Slot 600	agrandbr
dgfig01	Fighter	Slot 592	agrandrb
dglab01	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandbr
dgmag01	Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
dgtrol01	Troll	Slot 608	agrandsw
dgtrol02	Troll	Slot 592	agrandrb
dimp01	Imp	Slot 592	agrandrb
dinan	Dinan	Slot 592	agrandbr
dinan2	Dinan	Slot 592	agrandrb
dinan3	Dinan	Slot 592	agrandrb
disrup01	Wizard Slayer	Slot 600	agrandrb
djinnisu	Djinni	Slot 592	agrandrp
dmark1	Fovem	Slot 600	agrandbr
dockhlp1	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandlx
dockhlp2	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
dockhlp3	Knight of the Order	Slot 592	agrandrb
dockhlp4	Knight of the Order	Slot 592	agrandrb
dockmeet	Rylock	Slot 592	agrandrb
dockpriz	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
dopcle01	Kiel the Legion Killer	Slot 608	agrandrb
dopdur	Durlag Trollkiller	Slot 608	agrandbr
dopdur1	Durlag Trollkiller	Slot 600	agrandbr
dopdur2	Durlag Trollkiller	Slot 600	agrandbr
dopfue	Fuernebol	Slot 608	agrandrb
dopgre01	Greater Doppelganger	Slot 592	agrandbr
dopmag01	Islanne.	Slot 608	agrandrb
dopmgr01	Islanne.	Slot 608	agrandrb
dopple01	Doppelganger	Slot 592	agrandlx
dopthi01	Fuernebol	Slot 608	agrandrb
dopwar01	Durlag Trollkiller	Slot 608	agrandbr
dorkus	Dorkus	Slot 592	agrandea
doug	Festule the Alchemist	Slot 600	agrandrb
dpim	Pimlico	Slot 600	agrandrb
dpimg1	Pimlico Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
dpmon01	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandbr
dpmon02	Lich	Slot 592	agrandbr
dpmon03	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandbr
dpstat01	Eliya	Slot 592	agrandbr
dpstat02	Petrified Man	Slot 592	agrandsr
dpstat03	Petrified Woman	Slot 592	agrandrp
dpstat04	Petrified Man	Slot 592	agrandrb
dpstat05	Petrified Woman	Slot 592	agrandbr
dquas01	Quasit	Slot 592	agrandbr
dradee	Dradeel	Slot 600	agrandbr
dragblac	Nizidramanii'yt	Slot 600	agrandlx
dragblue	Abazigal	Slot 584	agrandnc
dragbr1	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandbr
dragbr3	Gibberling	Slot 592	agrandbr
dragbrow	Brown Dragon	Slot 592	agrandrb
draggold	Garlokantha	Slot 592	agrandrb
draggren	Linussaxanol	Slot 592	agrandrb
draginvg	Barl	Slot 592	agrandrb
dragpurp	Purple Dragon	Slot 584	agrandbr
dragred	Red Dragon	Slot 592	agrandsh
dragshad	Thaxll'ssillyia	Slot 592	agrandrb
dragsilv	Silver Dragon	Slot 592	agrandbr
dragtope	Tapanasacar	Slot 592	agrandrb
dragund	Icebraniken	Slot 584	agrandrb
dragyell	Yellow Dragon	Slot 592	agrandbr
drake01	Shelligh	Slot 592	agrandrb
drake02	Rill	Slot 592	agrandrg
drake03	Rance	Slot 592	agrandbr
drake04	Quenash	Slot 592	agrandbr
draug	Draug Fea	Slot 592	agrandrb
drbod	Bodhi	Slot 592	agrandrb
dreampc	Dream Vision	Slot 592	agrandrb
drelle	Dream Vision	Slot 592	agrandrb
drelle2	Dream Vision	Slot 592	agrandbr
drenden	Drenden Shale	Slot 592	agrandrb
dreself1	Elf Male	Slot 592	agrandbr
dreself2	Elf Female	Slot 592	agrandrb
dreself3	Elf Male	Slot 592	agrandbr
dreself4	Elf Female	Slot 592	agrandrb
dreself5	Elf Male	Slot 592	agrandbr
dreself6	Elf Female	Slot 592	agrandrb
dreself7	Elf Male	Slot 592	agrandbr
dreself8	Elf Female	Slot 592	agrandrb
drofod01	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
drofod02	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
drofod03	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
drofod04	Drow Priestess	Slot 592	agrandbr
drow01	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
drow02	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
drow03	Drow Wizard	Slot 584	agrandbr
drow04	Drow Priestess	Slot 592	agrandbr
drow05	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
drow06	Drow	Slot 600	agrandrb
drow07	Drow Priestess	Slot 592	agrandrb
drowbd01	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
drowbd02	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
drowbd03	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
drowbd04	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandsh
drowbd05	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
drowbd06	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
drowbd07	Drow Wizard	Slot 600	agrandbr
drowbd08	Drow Wizard	Slot 600	agrandrb
drowbd09	Drow Priestess	Slot 592	agrandrb
drowbd10	Drow Priestess	Slot 592	agrandrb
drowbd11	Drow Wizard	Slot 600	agrandbr
drowinvi	Barl	Slot 592	agrandrb
drpc	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandbr
drshnl01	Nilthiri	Slot 608	agrandrb
drshnl02	Nilthiri	Slot 592	agrandbr
drshnl11	Nilthiri	Slot 592	agrandea
drshnl21	Nilthiri	Slot 592	agrandbr
drshsp01	Spirit of the Grove	Slot 600	agrandbr
drslayer	Slayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
druff1	Ruffian	Slot 592	agrandbr
druff2	Ruffian	Slot 592	agrandrb
druid10a	Zorl	Slot 600	agrandbr
druid10b	Zorl	Slot 600	agrandrp
druid12a	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
druid12b	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
druid6a	Zorl	Slot 600	agrandbr
druid8a	Zorl	Slot 600	agrandrp
druid8b	Zorl	Slot 600	agrandbr
druidad	Druid	Slot 600	agrandbr
drush	Drush	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsailor1	Sailor	Slot 592	agrandbr
dsailor2	Sailor	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsbanshe	Banshee	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsblane	Dawn Priest Blane	Slot 608	agrandnc
dsbody01	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
dsclars	Clairis	Slot 600	agrandbr
dsdrow01	Drow Weapons Master	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsdrow02	Drow Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
dsdrow03	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsdrow04	Drow Elite	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsduegm1	Duergar Fighter	Slot 592	agrandbr
dsduegma	Duergar Mage	Slot 600	agrandrg
dsduegsk	Duergar Skeletal Conjurer	Slot 592	agrandnc
dsduerg1	Duergar Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
dsduerg2	Duergar Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsduerg3	Duergar Priest	Slot 584	agrandrb
dsduerga	Duergar Miner	Slot 584	agrandbr
dsfeydo	Fey'doch	Slot 600	agrandbr
dsfordrg	Salandiaxarxes	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsfrdrgb	Baby Forest Dragon	Slot 608	agrandea
dsgnollc	Gnoll Chieftan	Slot 608	agrandrb
dsgobchf	Goblin Chief	Slot 592	agrandbr
dsgrunk	Grog	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsguard	Guard	Slot 592	agrandea
dshalf01	Gandolar Luckyfoot	Slot 600	agrandbr
dshalf02	Halfling Fighter	Slot 592	agrandbr
dshalf03	Halfling Fighter	Slot 592	agrandbr
dshalf04	Halfling Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
dshalf05	Halfling Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
dshop01	Ikert	Slot 592	agrandrb
dshop02	Jahaboam	Slot 592	agrandlx
dsjabb	Jabress Xaendrassa Auvryndar	Slot 600	agrandbr
dskalann	Kalannar	Slot 592	agrandrb
dslich	The Dark One	Slot 592	agrandbr
dslich1	The Dark One	Slot 592	agrandbr
dslich2	The Dark One	Slot 584	agrandbr
dslich3	The Dark One	Slot 584	agrandrb
dsmortus	Mortius	Slot 592	agrandbr
dsorc01	Orc	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsphant1	Phantom	Slot 592	agrandrp
dsphant2	Phantom	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsphant3	Phantom	Slot 592	agrandbr
dsphant4	Phantom	Slot 592	agrandrb
dsphant5	Phantom	Slot 592	agrandbr
dsphant6	Phantom	Slot 592	agrandbr
dsroach	Atr'Jkslad'Roa'CH	Slot 584	agrandbr
dsshar	Shar Nadal	Slot 584	agrandea
dsspec	Spec	Slot 584	agrandrb
dsthief	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandsr
dstrungl	Trungle	Slot 592	agrandbr
dsvampf1	Fledgling Vampire	Slot 600	agrandbr
dsvampf2	Fledgling Vampire	Slot 600	agrandsr
dsvampm	Lord Daerthmac	Slot 600	agrandrb
dswelf1	Wood Elf Warrior	Slot 600	agrandsh
dswelf1e	Wood Elf Elite	Slot 600	agrandrb
dswelf2	Wood Elf Warrior	Slot 600	agrandrb
dswelf2e	Wood Elf Elite	Slot 600	agrandbr
dszomblo	Zombie Lord	Slot 592	agrandbr
duearc01	Duergar	Slot 600	agrandsh
duecla01	Ilyich	Slot 592	agrandbr
duegau01	Duergar	Slot 608	agrandsh
duegau02	Duergar	Slot 608	agrandrb
duegexit	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandrb
duegmin1	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandbr
duegmin2	Duergar Mage	Slot 600	agrandrg
duegmin3	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandrb
duegrune	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandbr
duegsal1	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandnc
duegsal2	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandrb
duegsal3	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandrb
duegske1	Duergar Skeletal Conjurer	Slot 592	agrandbr
duemag01	Mage	Slot 608	agrandrb
duemag02	Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
duergar	Duergar	Slot 600	agrandrb
duergar1	Duergar	Slot 600	agrandrb
duergar2	Duergar	Slot 592	agrandbr
duergar3	Duergar	Slot 600	agrandrb
dumfue	Sparring Dummy	Slot 592	agrandrb
dumisl	Sparring Dummy	Slot 592	agrandbr
dumkie	Sparring Dummy	Slot 592	agrandbr
dungettn	Ettin	Slot 592	agrandrb
dvampfl	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandbr
dwbrg01	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
dwbrg02	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
dwgard01	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
dwgard02	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
dwgard03	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
dwgard04	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
dwwond01	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
dwwond02	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
dwwond03	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
dwwond04	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandnc
dwwond05	Drow Wizard	Slot 584	agrandrb
dwwond06	Drow Priestess	Slot 592	agrandrb
dwwond07	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandnc
dwwond08	Drow Priestess	Slot 592	agrandbr
dwwond09	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
dwwond10	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
dwwond11	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
dwwond12	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
dwwond13	Drow Wizard	Slot 584	agrandsr
dwwond14	Drow Priestess	Slot 592	agrandcl
dwwond15	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
dwwond16	Drow Wizard	Slot 584	agrandrb
dwwond17	Drow Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
eastdem1	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandbr
eastdem2	Balor	Slot 592	agrandsr
eastdem3	Glabrezu	Slot 584	agrandbr
eastdem4	Balor	Slot 592	agrandbr
eastdem5	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandbr
eastdem6	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandcl
eastdem7	Balor	Slot 592	agrandrb
eastdem8	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandrb
eastdem9	Balor	Slot 592	agrandbr
eastgol1	Guardian Of Easthaven	Slot 592	agrandrb
eastgol2	Guardian Of Easthaven	Slot 592	agrandbr
eastmage	Azim	Slot 592	agrandrb
efreetsu	Efreeti	Slot 592	agrandbr
elders	Elder Sorn	Slot 592	agrandrb
elearb01	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
elearb02	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
elearb03	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
elearb04	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandrb
elearb05	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandsr
elearb06	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandrb
elearb07	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandrb
elearb08	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
elearb09	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
elearb10	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
elearb11	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
elehob01	Goblin Commando	Slot 592	agrandrp
eleill01	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandbr
elekob01	Kobold Commando	Slot 592	agrandsr
elekuo01	Kuo-toan Warrior	Slot 608	agrandbr
elekuo02	Kuo-toan Whip	Slot 600	agrandrg
elemep01	Ooze Mephit	Slot 592	agrandbr
elemep02	Steam Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
elemep03	Salt Mephit	Slot 592	agrandbr
elemep04	Fire Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
elemep05	Magma Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
elemep06	Earth Mephit	Slot 600	agrandsw
elemep07	Mineral Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
elemep08	Dust Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
eleoty01	Greater Otyugh	Slot 592	agrandrb
elepuz01	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandrb
elepuz02	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
elepuz03	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandrb
elepuz04	Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
elesah01	Sahuagin Baron	Slot 592	agrandcl
elesah02	Sahuagin Baronial Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
eletro01	Troll	Slot 608	agrandrb
eletro03	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
elka9	Elka	Slot 600	agrandnc
elmind01	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandsw
embarl	Embarl	Slot 592	agrandrb
entill	Entillis Fulsom	Slot 608	agrandbr
errtu01	Errtu	Slot 592	agrandbr
errtu02	Errtu	Slot 592	agrandbr
errtu03	Errtu	Slot 592	agrandbr
etter01	Ettercap	Slot 592	agrandrb
excult1	Garuk	Slot 600	agrandrb
excult2	Zaelas	Slot 600	agrandbr
eyebhl01	Eye of the Beholder	Slot 592	agrandbr
eyeded01	Eye of the Dead	Slot 592	agrandbr
eyegor01	Gorgon Eye	Slot 592	agrandlx
eyesek01	Seeker	Slot 592	agrandrb
eyesnt01	Sentinel	Slot 592	agrandbr
eyevig01	Vigilant	Slot 592	agrandrb
f_bearfm	Bear Tribe Woman	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_bearol	Bear Tribe Elder	Slot 584	agrandbr
f_bel	Belhifet	Slot 584	agrandrb
f_cattib	Catti-Brie	Slot 600	agrandbr
f_corn	Cornugon	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_corn02	Cornugon	Slot 584	agrandbr
f_cyclop	Cyclops	Slot 592	agrandsh
f_deadbo	Dead Child	Slot 592	agrandcl
f_deadm2	Wounded Man	Slot 600	agrandrb
f_deadma	Wounded Man	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_deadwm	Dead Woman	Slot 592	agrandrp
f_deathk	Demonknight	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_deathl	Lesser Demonknight	Slot 584	agrandrb
f_demdrg	Greater Tanari	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_demwar	Demonic Guardian	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_dipnos	Nibby "Dipnose"	Slot 592	agrandrb
f_dragon	Baby Dragon	Slot 584	agrandbr
f_dromag	Drow Battle Mage	Slot 584	agrandbr
f_drowar	Drow Warrior	Slot 584	agrandbr
f_drowpr	Drow Priestess	Slot 584	agrandrb
f_dwsmit	Varlag Silverhammer	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_errtu	Errtu	Slot 584	agrandrb
f_ettin	Ettin	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_ghost	Ghost	Slot 584	agrandrb
f_giantf	Frost Giant	Slot 592	agrandrb
f_gobele	Goblin Elite	Slot 592	agrandrb
f_goblin	Goblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
f_harpy	Harpy	Slot 584	agrandbr
f_lich	Kangaxx the Lich	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_mari	Marilith	Slot 600	agrandea
f_medusa	Medusa	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_mummy	Mummy	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_nib	Nib Jansen	Slot 600	agrandrb
f_orc	Orc	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_robed	Robed Figure	Slot 600	agrandrb
f_robed2	Robed Figure	Slot 584	agrandbr
f_shfien	Shadow Fiend	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_slaysh	Slayer Shadow	Slot 584	agrandrb
f_spibea	Spirit Bear	Slot 592	agrandnc
f_spidqu	Demonic Spider Queen	Slot 584	agrandrb
f_stongl	Demonic Skull	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_tanari	Tanari	Slot 592	agrandbr
f_wailin	Wailing Death	Slot 592	agrandrb
f_werech	Greater Werewolf Leader	Slot 584	agrandbr
f_wlfspr	Were Winterwolf Spirit	Slot 592	agrandbr
faizah	Statue	Slot 592	agrandrb
fangel01	Fallen Solar	Slot 592	agrandbr
fear	Warder	Slot 592	agrandrb
ffactor1	Kirinaldo	Slot 600	agrandbr
ffactor2	Lunisia	Slot 600	agrandbr
ffbart	Samuel Thunderburp	Slot 608	agrandbr
ffcust01	Ercias	Slot 592	agrandrb
ffcust06	Belle	Slot 592	agrandbr
ffcust07	H'rothgar Firehammer	Slot 592	agrandrg
ffcust08	Jerry Jamtoes	Slot 592	agrandrb
ffrecep	Receptionist	Slot 608	agrandrb
ffusher1	Usher	Slot 600	agrandrb
ffusher2	Usher	Slot 600	agrandbr
finabaz	Abazigal	Slot 592	agrandrb
finaluf	Alu-Fiend	Slot 592	agrandbr
finbabau	Babau	Slot 592	agrandbr
finbalor	Balor	Slot 592	agrandrb
finbalth	Balthazar	Slot 592	agrandrb
finbodh	Bodhi	Slot 592	agrandrb
fincamb2	Cambion	Slot 592	agrandbr
finglab	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandrb
fingrom	Gromnir Il-Khan	Slot 592	agrandrb
finilla	Illasera	Slot 592	agrandbr
finmaril	Marilith	Slot 592	agrandsh
finmel01	Melissan	Slot 592	agrandrb
finnabas	Nabassu	Slot 592	agrandrb
finsend	Sendai	Slot 592	agrandrb
finsol01	Solar	Slot 592	agrandsh
finsol04	Fallen Solar	Slot 592	agrandrb
finsola2	Fallen Solar	Slot 592	agrandsh
finsolar	Fallen Solar	Slot 592	agrandrp
finsucc	Succubus	Slot 592	agrandbr
finyaga	Yaga-Shura	Slot 592	agrandnc
firamb01	Captain	Slot 592	agrandrb
firamb02	Gerg	Slot 592	agrandbr
firamb03	Troll	Slot 600	agrandbr
firamb04	Captain	Slot 592	agrandrb
firamb05	Troll	Slot 584	agrandrb
firarc01	Orc Archer	Slot 592	agrandrb
firban01	Bandit	Slot 608	agrandbr
firban02	Plath Rededge	Slot 608	agrandbr
firban03	Bandit	Slot 600	agrandbr
firban04	Orc	Slot 600	agrandbr
firban05	Orc	Slot 600	agrandbr
fireb1	Firebead Elvenhair	Slot 608	agrandrb
firebe	Firebead Elvenhair	Slot 608	agrandbr
firebead	Elvenhair Firebead	Slot 592	agrandbr
firkra02	Firkraag	Slot 600	agrandrb
firlch01	Fire Lich	Slot 584	agrandrb
firmag01	Conster	Slot 600	agrandsr
firmon01	Banshee	Slot 592	agrandrb
firmon02	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
firmon03	Director	Slot 592	agrandbr
firmon04	Revenant	Slot 600	agrandrb
firorc01	Chieftain DigDag	Slot 592	agrandrb
firorc02	Derg the Orc	Slot 600	agrandbr
firorc03	Flaylan the Orc	Slot 592	agrandbr
firrak01	Ruhk Transmuter	Slot 584	agrandbr
firrak02	Ruhk	Slot 584	agrandbr
firtrl01	Troll Cook	Slot 600	agrandrb
firwlf01	Grancor	Slot 600	agrandrb
firwlf02	Falik	Slot 600	agrandbr
firwra01	Greater Wraith	Slot 592	agrandrb
flamc7	Flaming Fist Mercenary	Slot 608	agrandbr
fleeinv1	Barl	Slot 592	agrandrb
fleeinv2	Barl	Slot 592	agrandbr
fleeinv3	Barl	Slot 592	agrandsr
fleeques	Traveller	Slot 592	agrandrb
flyfgt01	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
flyfgt02	Shadow Thief Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
flyfgt03	Shadow Thief Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
flyfgt04	Shadow Thief Inquisitor	Slot 600	agrandrb
franco	Franco	Slot 608	agrandrb
frosinvi	Barl	Slot 592	agrandbr
frost01	Frost Giant	Slot 592	agrandbr
fsdragon	Dragon	Slot 600	agrandrb
fsgibb	Gibberling	Slot 592	agrandbr
fsgobl	Goblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
fshorde1	Goblin	Slot 608	agrandrb
fshorde2	Goblin	Slot 600	agrandbr
fshorde3	Goblin	Slot 608	agrandbr
fshorde4	Orc	Slot 608	agrandrb
fshorde5	Orc Priest	Slot 608	agrandrb
fshorde6	Orc Archer	Slot 608	agrandrb
fsmage01	Mage	Slot 584	agrandrb
fsmage02	Mage	Slot 584	agrandbr
fsmage03	Mage	Slot 584	agrandbr
fsmage04	Mage	Slot 584	agrandea
fsmumm	Mummy	Slot 592	agrandbr
fsmumm2	Mummy	Slot 592	agrandrb
fsmumm3	Mummy	Slot 592	agrandrb
fsridd	Imp	Slot 592	agrandbr
fsskel	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandbr
fsspir1	Spirit Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
fsspir2	Helmite Ghost	Slot 600	agrandrb
fsspir3	Spirit Panel	Slot 592	agrandbr
fsspira	Helmite Ghost	Slot 592	agrandrb
fsspirb	Helmite Ghost	Slot 592	agrandbr
fsspirc	Helmite Ghost	Slot 592	agrandbr
fuagnon	Hurgan Stoneblade	Slot 600	agrandrb
fulady	Lady Tandolan of Um	Slot 608	agrandrb
fumin	Minister Adelain	Slot 608	agrandrb
gaal01	Gaal	Slot 608	agrandrb
gaal02	Gaal	Slot 600	agrandrb
gaelan	Gaelan Bayle	Slot 608	agrandrb
gaelan2	Gaelan Bayle	Slot 592	agrandrb
gaius	Gaius	Slot 600	agrandrb
galkin	Galken	Slot 592	agrandbr
gall	Gallchobhair	Slot 592	agrandbr
gantol	Gantolandan	Slot 592	agrandbr
garkid01	Iltha	Slot 592	agrandbr
garkid02	Taar	Slot 592	agrandbr
garock	Garock	Slot 592	agrandrb
garren	Garren Windspear	Slot 600	agrandrb
gaylan	Gaylan Bael	Slot 592	agrandrb
gazib	The Great Gazib	Slot 600	agrandbr
gdruid	Druid	Slot 592	agrandrb
gellan	Gellana Mirrorshade	Slot 608	agrandbr
gelugon1	Gelugon	Slot 592	agrandbr
gencali1	Genie	Slot 592	agrandsr
gencali2	Genie	Slot 592	agrandbr
gendao01	Dao	Slot 592	agrandbr
gendji01	Djinni	Slot 592	agrandsr
gendjn01	Noble Djinni	Slot 592	agrandrg
genefn01	Noble Efreeti	Slot 592	agrandbr
genefr01	Efreeti	Slot 592	agrandrb
genie01	Genie	Slot 592	agrandbr
genie02	Genie	Slot 592	agrandrb
genie03	Genie	Slot 592	agrandbr
genie04	Genie	Slot 592	agrandbr
genie1	Genie	Slot 600	agrandrp
genietrv	Genie	Slot 592	agrandcl
genmag01	Mage	Slot 600	agrandrb
genth01	Thief	Slot 608	agrandbr
genth02	Thief	Slot 608	agrandrb
genthf01	Thug	Slot 592	agrandrg
gentmg01	Thief	Slot 592	agrandnc
gereth	Gereth	Slot 600	agrandbr
gerhardt	Uncle Gerhardt	Slot 600	agrandrb
ghast01	Ghast	Slot 600	agrandrb
ghastf01	Fell Ghast	Slot 600	agrandrb
ghogr01	Greater Ghoul	Slot 592	agrandbr
gholor01	Ghoul Lord	Slot 592	agrandea
ghoul01	Ghoul	Slot 592	agrandbr
giafir01	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandea
giantf01	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandbr
gibber	Gibberling	Slot 592	agrandbr
gibber01	Gibberling	Slot 592	agrandrb
gibber2	Diseased Gibberling	Slot 592	agrandnc
gibmut01	Mutated Gibberling	Slot 592	agrandlx
gith01	Warrior	Slot 608	agrandbr
gith02	Knight	Slot 608	agrandbr
gith03	Anti-Paladin	Slot 608	agrandbr
gith06	Captain	Slot 608	agrandbr
glad1	Gladiator	Slot 592	agrandbr
glad2	Gladiator	Slot 592	agrandbr
gladia01	Gatekeeper	Slot 600	agrandbr
glbear	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
gmage14	Mekrath	Slot 584	agrandrb
gmayor	Theshal	Slot 592	agrandbr
gnlcap01	Gnoll Captain	Slot 592	agrandrp
gnleli01	Gnoll Elite	Slot 592	agrandbr
gnlfli01	Flind	Slot 592	agrandbr
gnlsla01	Gnoll Slasher	Slot 592	agrandrb
gnlvet01	Gnoll Veteran	Slot 592	agrandbr
gnlwar01	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandrb
gnoll01	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandrb
gnoll02	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandbr
gnoll03	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandbr
gnoll3	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandrb
gnollhp1	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandbr
golbon01	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandea
gonce	Meredath	Slot 592	agrandsh
goralu01	Alu-Fiend	Slot 600	agrandsw
gorapr	Apprentice	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorarc	Archivist	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorbat1	Ka'rashur	Slot 584	agrandcl
gorbat2	Erinyes	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorbat3	Cornugon	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorbat4	Imp	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorbat5	Bone Fiend	Slot 592	agrandnc
gorcamb	Aesgareth	Slot 584	agrandrp
gorcamb2	Tiefling	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorcamb3	Tiefling	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorcamb4	Tiefling	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorcamb5	Tiefling	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorcar	Carston	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorch	Gorch	Slot 608	agrandrb
gorchr	Chromatic Demon	Slot 592	agrandrb
gordeck5	Assassin	Slot 584	agrandrb
gordeck6	Assassin	Slot 584	agrandrb
gordeck7	Assassin	Slot 584	agrandrb
gordeck8	Assassin	Slot 584	agrandrb
gordeck9	Assassin	Slot 584	agrandrp
gordecka	Assassin	Slot 584	agrandbr
gordeckf	Fighter	Slot 592	agrandrb
gordem	Balor	Slot 600	agrandbr
gordem2	Velithuu	Slot 592	agrandrb
gordemc1	Balor	Slot 592	agrandcl
gorf	Gorf the Squisher	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorf03	Gorf the Squisher	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorfirg	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorgit	Captain	Slot 608	agrandbr
gorgitc1	Githyanki	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorgitc2	Githyanki	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorgitc3	Githyanki	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorgitc4	Githyanki	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorgith2	Githyanki	Slot 600	agrandbr
gorgua01	Aurumach Rilmani	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorgua02	Ferrumach Rilmani	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorgua03	Guardian Spirit	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorgua04	Guardian Spirit	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorgua05	Guardian Spirit	Slot 592	agrandsh
gorimp01	Imp	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorion	Gorion	Slot 600	agrandsw
gorion3	Gorion	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorje	Gorje Hilldark	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorkuo01	Kuo-toan Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
gorkuo02	Kuo-toan Archer	Slot 600	agrandbr
gorkuo03	Kuo-toan Priest	Slot 608	agrandrb
gorkuo04	Kuo-toan Captain	Slot 584	agrandrb
gorkuo05	Kuo-toan Whip	Slot 584	agrandrb
gorlic01	Azamantes	Slot 592	agrandbr
gormim01	Killer Mimic	Slot 592	agrandbr
gormim02	Killer Mimic	Slot 592	agrandbr
gormim03	Killer Mimic	Slot 592	agrandlx
gormim04	Killer Mimic	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorminc1	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorminc2	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorminc3	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorminc4	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
gormind	Ulitharid	Slot 592	agrandbr
gororc01	Orc	Slot 592	agrandrb
gororc02	Orc Archer	Slot 592	agrandrb
gororc03	Orc Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorpri1	Priest	Slot 592	agrandsr
gorsal	Saladrex	Slot 584	agrandbr
gorsku01	Flaming Skull	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorsta01	Statue	Slot 600	agrandrb
gorsta02	Statue	Slot 600	agrandrb
gorsta03	Statue	Slot 600	agrandbr
gorsta04	Statue	Slot 600	agrandrb
gorsta05	Statue	Slot 600	agrandsw
gorsta06	Statue	Slot 600	agrandbr
gorsta07	Statue	Slot 600	agrandbr
gorsta09	Statue	Slot 600	agrandrb
gorsta10	Statue	Slot 600	agrandrb
gorsta11	Statue	Slot 600	agrandsw
gorsta12	Statue	Slot 600	agrandbr
gorstalk	Guardian of Air	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorsuc01	Succubus	Slot 608	agrandbr
gortan1	Tahazzar	Slot 584	agrandbr
gortan2	Succubus	Slot 600	agrandrb
gortan3	Yochlol	Slot 592	agrandbr
gortan4	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandbr
gortan5	Quasit	Slot 592	agrandrb
gortan6	Maurezhi	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorwom01	Nalmissra	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorwom02	The Huntress	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorwom03	Y'tossi	Slot 592	agrandbr
gorwom04	Ameralis Zauviir	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorwom05	Hive Mother	Slot 592	agrandsh
gorwom06	Xei Win Toh	Slot 592	agrandrb
gorwowe	Wolfwere	Slot 584	agrandrb
govwau01	Priest of Waukeen	Slot 592	agrandbr
gpfam1	Pitch	Slot 592	agrandbr
gpfight1	Boz	Slot 600	agrandbr
gphil02	Philosopher	Slot 592	agrandbr
gphil03	Huntley	Slot 592	agrandbr
gpmage1	N'ashtar	Slot 600	agrandbr
gppri1	Chandrilla	Slot 600	agrandbr
gpsimb	Simbja	Slot 600	agrandbr
gpthief1	Damien	Slot 608	agrandbr
grae	Grae	Slot 592	agrandbr
grazinvi	Barl	Slot 592	agrandrb
grazzt01	Graz'zt	Slot 592	agrandrb
grazzt02	Graz'zt	Slot 592	agrandrb
grenabi1	Green Abishai	Slot 592	agrandrb
greyhand	Greyhand	Slot 600	agrandrg
gromg01	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
gromg02	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 584	agrandrb
gromg03	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 584	agrandbr
gromg04	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 600	agrandcl
gromg05	Il-Khan Battle Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
gromg06	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 600	agrandbr
gromg07	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 600	agrandsr
gromg08	Karun the Black	Slot 592	agrandbr
gromg09	Eler Had	Slot 592	agrandbr
gromg10	Berena Elkan	Slot 592	agrandbr
gromg11	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 584	agrandcl
gromg12	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 584	agrandrb
gromg13	Il-Khan Battle Mage	Slot 584	agrandbr
gromg14	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 584	agrandrb
grommin	Halbazzer Drin	Slot 592	agrandbr
gromnir	Gromnir Il-Khan	Slot 592	agrandbr
gron	Theshal	Slot 592	agrandrb
grreven	Revenant	Slot 592	agrandbr
grskel1	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 584	agrandrb
grskel2	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
grtomb01	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
grunt1	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandbr
grunt2	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandrb
grunt3	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandbr
grvlch01	Lich	Slot 600	agrandrb
gtcit1	Ghoul	Slot 592	agrandrb
gtcit2	Ghoul	Slot 592	agrandbr
gtcit3	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
gtcit4	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandbr
gtcit5	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
guard1	Bouncer	Slot 600	agrandrb
guard2	Copper Coronet Guard	Slot 608	agrandbr
habib	Habib	Slot 592	agrandlx
habib2	Habib	Slot 592	agrandrb
habrega	Chief Inspector Brega	Slot 608	agrandrb
hacton	Acton Balthis	Slot 608	agrandbr
hactong	Amnian Bodyguard	Slot 608	agrandbr
haegan	Captain Haegan	Slot 608	agrandbr
haguar01	Arresting Officer	Slot 600	agrandbr
haguar02	Arresting Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
hajanos	Janos	Slot 592	agrandrb
halbaz	Halbazzer Drin	Slot 600	agrandbr
halfmiri	Dead Halfling Messenger	Slot 592	agrandrb
hamek	Mekrath	Slot 592	agrandbr
hanwen	Hanwen	Slot 584	agrandbr
haquat	Quataris	Slot 608	agrandbr
harpass1	Lucette	Slot 592	agrandbr
harpass2	Lucette	Slot 592	agrandbr
harpatt1	Harper	Slot 592	agrandbr
harpatt2	Harper	Slot 592	agrandbr
harpatt3	Harper	Slot 592	agrandrb
harpmess	Harper Scout	Slot 592	agrandbr
hdragred	Dragon	Slot 584	agrandbr
hdragsil	Dragon	Slot 592	agrandnc
heartg1	Knight of the Order	Slot 600	agrandrb
heartg2	Knight of the Order	Slot 600	agrandbr
heartg3	Sir Zarath	Slot 608	agrandbr
heartg4	Sir Mardus	Slot 608	agrandbr
heartg5	Sir Donalus	Slot 608	agrandbr
hellbeh1	Elder Orb	Slot 592	agrandrb
hellbeh2	Elder Orb	Slot 592	agrandrb
hellfear	Fear	Slot 600	agrandrb
hellgen	Enslaved Genie	Slot 608	agrandbr
hellgree	Greed	Slot 600	agrandrb
hellprid	Pride	Slot 592	agrandea
hellsare	Wraith Sarevok	Slot 600	agrandbr
hellself	Selfishness	Slot 600	agrandbr
hellslay	Slayer	Slot 600	agrandrb
helmbyr	Acolyte Byron	Slot 608	agrandbr
helmkni1	Shield Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
helmpr	Sir Lothtyran	Slot 592	agrandsh
hendak	Hendak	Slot 600	agrandrb
hgber01	Berenn	Slot 600	agrandbr
hgmag01	Fire Giant Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
hgmag02	Fire Giant Mage	Slot 600	agrandrb
hgmis01	Vampiric Wraith	Slot 592	agrandrb
hgmis02	Swamp Horror	Slot 592	agrandrb
hgnya01	Nyalee	Slot 592	agrandrb
hgskl01	Skeleton Cleric	Slot 600	agrandlx
hgskl02	Skeleton Assassin	Slot 584	agrandrg
hgskl03	Skeleton Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
hgskl04	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
hgsku01	Flaming Skull	Slot 592	agrandrb
hgslv01	Slave Woman	Slot 592	agrandrb
hgtrl01	Fire Troll	Slot 600	agrandrb
hgtrl02	Fire Troll	Slot 600	agrandbr
hgwar01	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandbr
hgwar02	Elite Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandrb
hgwra01	Gorion	Slot 592	agrandbr
hgwra02	Devil Shade	Slot 592	agrandea
hgwra03	Devil Shade	Slot 592	agrandrb
hidden	Hidden	Slot 592	agrandbr
hillfro1	Frost Giant	Slot 592	agrandbr
hillfro2	Frost Giant	Slot 592	agrandcl
hillfro3	Frost Giant	Slot 592	agrandbr
hlarch	Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
hlassa	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandrp
hlcleric	Cleric	Slot 592	agrandrb
hldemi	Kangaxx the Demilich	Slot 600	agrandsw
hlfight	Fighter	Slot 592	agrandbr
hlhive	Hive Mother	Slot 592	agrandrb
hlkang	Kangaxx the Lich	Slot 608	agrandrb
hlketta	Ketta	Slot 600	agrandbr
hlketta2	Ketta	Slot 592	agrandbr
hlkoshi	Koshi	Slot 608	agrandbr
hllayen	Layene	Slot 584	agrandsw
hllich	Elemental Lich	Slot 600	agrandbr
hlmafer	Maferan	Slot 600	agrandbr
hlmage	Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
hlolaf	Olaf Rassmusen	Slot 600	agrandbr
hlorb	Elder Orb	Slot 592	agrandsw
hlrevan	Revanek	Slot 592	agrandbr
hlshade	Shade Lich	Slot 600	agrandbr
hlshang	Shangalar	Slot 600	agrandbr
hlshyr	Shyressa	Slot 592	agrandrb
hlsion	Sion	Slot 600	agrandrb
hlskull	Golden Skull	Slot 592	agrandbr
hlstal	Stalman	Slot 600	agrandbr
hlvaxal	Vaxall	Slot 592	agrandrb
hmelvin	Squire Melvin	Slot 600	agrandrg
hobarc01	Hobgoblin Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobarc02	Hobgoblin Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobarc03	Hobgoblin Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobcap01	Hobgoblin Captain	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobeli01	Hobgoblin Elite	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobgo2	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobgo3	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
hobgo4	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobgo6	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
hobgob01	Gerg	Slot 592	agrandea
hobgob03	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobgob04	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobgob05	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
hobgod	Hobgoblin	Slot 592	agrandcl
hobsha01	Hobgoblin Shaman	Slot 592	agrandrb
hobwar01	Hobgoblin Warrior	Slot 592	agrandlx
hobwiz01	Hobgoblin Wizard	Slot 592	agrandbr
hobwiz02	Hobgoblin Wizard	Slot 592	agrandbr
hprelate	Prelate Wessalen	Slot 600	agrandbr
hspectr1	Spectral Harpist	Slot 608	agrandbr
hspectr2	Spectral Harpist	Slot 600	agrandbr
hspectr3	Spectral Harpist	Slot 600	agrandbr
hurgisf	Hurgis Baltezan	Slot 608	agrandrb
hurgisr	Hurgis Baltezan	Slot 608	agrandnc
husam	Husam	Slot 600	agrandrb
icetrolx	Ice Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
icetrolz	Ice Troll	Slot 592	agrandcl
icgob01	Goblin	Slot 592	agrandbr
icgob02	Goblin	Slot 592	agrandsh
icgob03	Goblin	Slot 592	agrandbr
icgob04	Goblin Captain	Slot 592	agrandrb
icliz01	Lizard Man	Slot 592	agrandrb
icliz02	Gorkale	Slot 592	agrandsr
icmarili	Marilith	Slot 584	agrandrp
icmin01	Minotaur	Slot 592	agrandbr
icyuan01	Yuan-Ti	Slot 592	agrandrb
icyuan02	Greater Yuan-ti	Slot 592	agrandrb
icyuan03	Yuan-Ti Mage	Slot 592	agrandlx
icyuan04	Yuan-ti Elite	Slot 592	agrandbr
icyuan05	Yuan-ti Prince	Slot 592	agrandbr
idemon01	Cambion	Slot 592	agrandbr
idemon02	Cambion	Slot 592	agrandbr
idjinni	Malaaq	Slot 600	agrandrb
idryad01	Ulene	Slot 608	agrandrb
idryad02	Cania	Slot 592	agrandbr
idryad03	Elyme	Slot 592	agrandbr
igibber	Gibberling	Slot 592	agrandbr
illasera	Illasera	Slot 584	agrandrb
imp01	Imp	Slot 592	agrandrb
impqua01	Quasit	Slot 600	agrandbr
inspect	Lieutenant Aegisfield	Slot 608	agrandsr
iogremag	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
iotyugh	Otyugh	Slot 592	agrandrb
irlana	Lady Irlana	Slot 608	agrandrb
isaea	Isaea Roenall	Slot 608	agrandrb
ishaddud	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandrb
ishadft1	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
ishadmt1	Assassin	Slot 600	agrandbr
ishadth1	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
ishclo01	Assassin	Slot 600	agrandrb
ithkim	Ithkim	Slot 592	agrandrb
ivamp01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
j#bharle	Bharle	Slot 600	agrandbr
j#ceara	Ceara	Slot 600	agrandbr
j#clinn	Clinn	Slot 600	agrandrb
j#cossun	Cossun	Slot 600	agrandbr
j#falpal	Fallen Paladin	Slot 600	agrandrb
j#kasset	Kassetha	Slot 600	agrandbr
j#lilla	Lilla	Slot 600	agrandbr
j#mert14	Merritt	Slot 600	agrandnc
j#mert15	Merritt	Slot 600	agrandrb
j#morrid	Morridhan	Slot 600	agrandsh
j#piotr	Piotr	Slot 600	agrandrb
j#pirat1	Old Man	Slot 600	agrandrb
j#pirat2	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandbr
j#pirat3	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandbr
j#pirat4	Pirate	Slot 600	agrandbr
j#pirat5	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
j#pirat6	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandbr
j#pura	Pura Parteth	Slot 600	agrandrp
j#rumil	Rumil	Slot 600	agrandrb
j#vlamin	Vlaming	Slot 600	agrandrb
jade1	Lennah	Slot 608	agrandbr
jade2	Thenry	Slot 608	agrandrb
jade3	Jeremon	Slot 608	agrandrp
jade4	Chrost	Slot 608	agrandbr
jael01	Hindra Jae'llat	Slot 600	agrandrb
jael02	Rilloa Jae'llat	Slot 592	agrandnc
jael03	Ist'tar Jae'llat	Slot 592	agrandbr
jael04	Jae'llat Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
jaerto1	Jarden	Slot 600	agrandrb
jaerto2	Turg	Slot 600	agrandrp
jaerto3	Tamile	Slot 600	agrandbr
jaerto4	Wurn	Slot 608	agrandrg
jaertof	Ertof Dand	Slot 600	agrandbr
jaga1	Bessen	Slot 608	agrandbr
jaga3	Nadinal	Slot 608	agrandbr
jaga4	Iko	Slot 608	agrandrb
jahaboam	Jahaboam	Slot 592	agrandbr
jahei1	Harper	Slot 584	agrandrb
jahei2	Harper	Slot 584	agrandbr
jahei3	Harper	Slot 584	agrandlx
jahei4	Harper	Slot 584	agrandbr
jalant	Jalantha Mistmyr	Slot 608	agrandrb
jamage1	Gracien	Slot 600	agrandbr
jamage2	Malacazar	Slot 600	agrandrb
jameroni	Meronia	Slot 592	agrandrb
jangit01	Githyanki	Slot 600	agrandrb
jangit02	Githyanki	Slot 592	agrandbr
janos	Janos	Slot 592	agrandnc
jarev1	Harper	Slot 608	agrandbr
jarev2	Harper	Slot 608	agrandcl
jarev3	Harper	Slot 608	agrandbr
jarev4	Harper	Slot 608	agrandcl
jarevia	Reviane	Slot 608	agrandrb
jarlich	Deirex	Slot 600	agrandrb
jatermin	Terminsel	Slot 608	agrandbr
jayes	Jayes	Slot 600	agrandbr
jaylos	Jaylos	Slot 600	agrandbr
jclone01	Calahan	Slot 592	agrandbr
jellygr2	Green Slime	Slot 592	agrandrb
jolus	Sir Jolus	Slot 600	agrandbr
jondem01	Glabrezu	Slot 600	agrandrb
jondem02	Balor	Slot 600	agrandrb
jondem03	Glabrezu	Slot 600	agrandrb
jondem04	Balor	Slot 600	agrandrg
jondem05	Glabrezu	Slot 600	agrandbr
jonell	Jonell	Slot 592	agrandnc
jugdar01	Daar	Slot 600	agrandcl
jugjer01	Jermien	Slot 608	agrandrb
jugmim01	Killer Mimic	Slot 592	agrandrg
jumjum	Lashar'ra	Slot 592	agrandrb
k#anna	Anna	Slot 592	agrandrb
k#anna1	Anna	Slot 592	agrandbr
k#gurien	Gurien	Slot 592	agrandrb
k#loves	Rupert	Slot 592	agrandbr
kaisha	Kaishas Gan	Slot 592	agrandbr
kalah	Kalah	Slot 600	agrandea
kalah2	Kalah	Slot 592	agrandbr
kaless	Kalessia	Slot 608	agrandbr
kalindra	Kalindra	Slot 584	agrandbr
kalvassa	Kalvassa	Slot 592	agrandrb
kalwrk01	Circus Performer	Slot 592	agrandbr
kamir	Kamir	Slot 600	agrandrb
kaol	Kaol	Slot 600	agrandsh
karan01	Karan	Slot 592	agrandrb
karan02	Karan	Slot 592	agrandbr
kayl1	Sir Ryan Trawl	Slot 608	agrandrb
kayl2	Sir Ryan Trawl	Slot 608	agrandrb
kaypal01	Anarg	Slot 608	agrandea
kaypal02	Reynald de Chatillon	Slot 608	agrandbr
kaypal03	Fallen Paladin	Slot 600	agrandrb
kaysmg01	Rindus	Slot 592	agrandrb
kaysmg02	Smuggler	Slot 592	agrandrb
kaysmg03	Smuggler	Slot 592	agrandbr
kaysmg04	Smuggler	Slot 592	agrandrb
kelzomb	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandbr
kendak	Sir Laren	Slot 592	agrandbr
keris2	Keris	Slot 592	agrandbr
kgenie1	Genie	Slot 600	agrandrb
kgenie2	Genie	Slot 592	agrandbr
khelb01	Khelben	Slot 584	agrandrb
khelb02	Khelben	Slot 584	agrandbr
khellor	Khellor Ahmson	Slot 592	agrandnc
kiel2	Kiel the Legion Killer	Slot 584	agrandsh
killmonk	Monk	Slot 592	agrandrb
kindai	Kindail	Slot 600	agrandrb
king	King	Slot 592	agrandrb
kivogre	Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
knight2	Ghost Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
knight3	Ghost Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
knight4	Ghost Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
knight5	Ghost Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
knight6	Ghost Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
knord	Knord	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobald01	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobamp01	Kobold Amplifier	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobarc01	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandea
kobcap01	Kobold Captain	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobcap02	Kobold Captain	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobcom01	Kobold Commando	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobcom02	Kobold Commando	Slot 600	agrandrb
kobkam01	Kamikaze Kobold	Slot 584	agrandrb
kobldgd	Kobold Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobmem01	Kobold Recorder	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobola_a	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobola_b	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandlx
kobola_c	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobola_d	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobold	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobold_a	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobold_b	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandnc
kobold_c	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrg
kobold02	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobold11	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobold3	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobolda	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobscr01	Kobold Scribe	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobsha01	Kobold Shaman	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobsha02	Kobold Shaman	Slot 592	agrandrg
kobsla01	Kobold Slave	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobsou01	Kobold Amplifier	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobswi01	Kobold Swift	Slot 600	agrandbr
kobtar01	Kobold Amplifier	Slot 592	agrandbr
kobwar01	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrb
kobwit01	Kobold Witch Doctor	Slot 608	agrandrb
kobwit02	Kobold Witch Doctor	Slot 608	agrandbr
korcrazy	Crazyface	Slot 600	agrandbr
korgoo01	Goon	Slot 600	agrandrb
korgoo02	Goon	Slot 600	agrandrb
korpim	Pimlico	Slot 608	agrandbr
korpimg1	Pimlico Guard	Slot 608	agrandrb
korscroo	Scrooloose	Slot 600	agrandbr
korshag	Shagbag	Slot 600	agrandbr
kpchap01	Bolumir	Slot 592	agrandrb
kpdead01	Servant	Slot 600	agrandrb
kpgate01	Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
kpgate02	Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
kpglai01	Glaicus	Slot 608	agrandbr
kpgrd01	Lastin	Slot 600	agrandrb
kplend01	Moneylender	Slot 600	agrandbr
kplend02	Moneylender	Slot 600	agrandrb
kprang01	Jessup	Slot 600	agrandbr
kprang02	Malvolio	Slot 600	agrandbr
kproen01	Lord Roenall	Slot 600	agrandrb
kproen02	Roenall Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
kproen03	Roenall Guard	Slot 600	agrandsw
kproen04	Roenall Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
kproen05	Roenall Soldier	Slot 600	agrandbr
kpsham01	Yuan-Ti Mage	Slot 600	agrandnc
kpsold03	de'Arnise Guard	Slot 608	agrandbr
kpsold04	de'Arnise Guard	Slot 608	agrandrb
kpsold05	de'Arnise Guard	Slot 608	agrandrb
kpsold07	de'Arnise Guard	Slot 608	agrandrb
kpsold08	de'Arnise Guard	Slot 608	agrandrb
kpsold09	de'Arnise Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
kpsold10	de'Arnise Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
kptrol01	Troll	Slot 600	agrandbr
kptrol02	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
kptrol03	Troll	Slot 600	agrandrb
kptrol04	Troll	Slot 600	agrandbr
kptrol05	Troll	Slot 600	agrandbr
kptrol06	Ice Troll	Slot 592	agrandrb
kptrol13	Troll	Slot 600	agrandrb
kptrol23	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
kpumb01	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandsh
kpyuan01	Greater Yuan-ti	Slot 592	agrandrb
krbodbat	Bodhi	Slot 592	agrandbr
krbodvam	Bodhi	Slot 592	agrandrb
kuoarc20	Kuo-toan Archer	Slot 584	agrandrb
kuocap01	Kuo-toan Captain	Slot 584	agrandbr
kuocle20	Kuo-toan Captain	Slot 584	agrandrb
kuolie01	Kuo-toan Lieutenant	Slot 600	agrandsw
kuomag01	Kuo-toan Wizard	Slot 608	agrandrb
kuomon01	Kuo-toan Monitor	Slot 600	agrandbr
kuopri01	Kuo-toan Priest	Slot 608	agrandbr
kuotoa01	Kuo-toan Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
kuowar01	Kuo-toan Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
kuowar20	Kuo-toan Warrior	Slot 584	agrandbr
kuowhi01	Kuo-toan Whip	Slot 600	agrandbr
kylie	Kylie Jansen	Slot 608	agrandbr
kylie1	Kylie Jansen	Slot 608	agrandrb
lacedo01	Lacedon	Slot 592	agrandbr
lacedo02	Greater Lacedon	Slot 600	agrandbr
landri	Landrin	Slot 608	agrandrb
lassal	Lassal	Slot 592	agrandbr
lassal02	Lassal	Slot 592	agrandrb
latkni01	Morning Knight	Slot 600	agrandrb
latkni02	Morning Knight	Slot 600	agrandbr
latlara	Acolyte Lara	Slot 608	agrandbr
laune	Meredath	Slot 592	agrandrg
lavok01	Lavok	Slot 608	agrandrb
lavok02	Lavok	Slot 600	agrandbr
legdor	Legdoril	Slot 600	agrandbr
lehtin	Lehtinan	Slot 592	agrandrb
lellyn	Lellyn	Slot 592	agrandbr
lelthorn	Lelthorn	Slot 592	agrandbr
lester	Uncle Lester	Slot 592	agrandsw
lichel01	Elemental Lich	Slot 584	agrandsr
life01	Tortured One	Slot 592	agrandrb
life02	Tortured One	Slot 592	agrandrb
life03	Tortured One	Slot 592	agrandbr
life04	Tortured One	Slot 592	agrandrb
lin	Lin	Slot 592	agrandrb
llarsh	Llarsh	Slot 592	agrandrp
llynis	Llynis	Slot 592	agrandbr
loutm01	Mercenary of Riatavin	Slot 600	agrandrb
loutm02	Mercenary of Riatavin	Slot 608	agrandbr
loutm03	Mercenary of Riatavin	Slot 608	agrandbr
love	Warder	Slot 592	agrandrb
loveone1	Fayanna	Slot 592	agrandbr
loveone3	Valas	Slot 592	agrandrb
loveone4	Moira	Slot 592	agrandrb
loveone5	Rowyn	Slot 592	agrandsw
ltalos	Drunken Cleric of Talos	Slot 592	agrandbr
lv16rob1	Bregan D'aerth Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
lv16rob2	Bregan D'aerth Assassin	Slot 592	agrandlx
lv16rob3	Bregan D'aerth Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
lv16rob4	Bregan D'aerth Assassin	Slot 592	agrandrb
m#corin	Captain Corin	Slot 608	agrandbr
m#edtg	Ed	Slot 592	agrandbr
m#lorr10	Lorraine	Slot 600	agrandbr
m#lorr13	Lorraine	Slot 600	agrandrb
m#lorr17	Lorraine	Slot 600	agrandbr
m#lorson	Ghost of Lorraine's Son	Slot 592	agrandbr
m#maxtg	Max	Slot 592	agrandbr
m#nicktg	Nick	Slot 592	agrandrp
m#prisg1	Prison Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
m#prisg2	Prison Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
m#yclbm1	Ymmyrt's Lieutenant	Slot 592	agrandea
m#ycmcm1	Ymmyrt's Captain	Slot 600	agrandbr
m#ydemon	Demon	Slot 600	agrandrb
m#ygsbm1	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 592	agrandea
m#ygsbm2	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
m#ygsbm3	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 592	agrandsh
m#ygsbm4	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
m#ygspm1	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
m#ygspm2	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
m#ygspm3	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
m#ygspm4	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 592	agrandrp
m#ygspm5	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
m#ygswm1	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
m#yguna1	Ymmyrt's Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
m#yimp	Gabriel	Slot 600	agrandrb
m#ymm12	Ymmyrt	Slot 600	agrandrb
m#ymm16	Ymmyrt	Slot 600	agrandrb
m#ymm19	Ymmyrt	Slot 600	agrandrb
m05demon	Balor	Slot 592	agrandbr
m05elf1	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
m05elf2	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
madarc	Mad Arcand	Slot 608	agrandbr
madeel	Madeel	Slot 592	agrandrb
madurc01	Duergar Cleric	Slot 608	agrandbr
madurc02	Duergar Cleric	Slot 608	agrandbr
madurf02	Duergar Fighter	Slot 592	agrandbr
madurt01	Duergar Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
maeguy02	Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
maenc01	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
maenc02	Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
maenc03	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandbr
maenc04	Brotus Bloodthirsty	Slot 600	agrandrb
magcle20	Mage	Slot 592	agrandrg
mage10a	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandrb
mage10b	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandbr
mage10c	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandrb
mage10d	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandrb
mage11	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandbr
mage12a	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandrb
mage12b	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandbr
mage12c	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandsh
mage12d	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandsw
mage14a	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandsr
mage14b	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandbr
mage14c	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandbr
mage14m	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandbr
mage16a	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandbr
mage16b	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandbr
mage16c	Cowled Wizard	Slot 600	agrandlx
mage16m	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandbr
mage18a	Cowled Wizard	Slot 600	agrandbr
mage18b	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandrb
mage18c	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandbr
mage18d	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandrb
mage18e	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandrb
mage18y	Zyntris	Slot 584	agrandbr
mage18z	Zallanora	Slot 600	agrandrb
mage20	Mage	Slot 584	agrandrb
mage20b	Mage	Slot 584	agrandbr
mage20c	Mage	Slot 584	agrandrb
mage6a	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandrb
mage6b	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandrb
mage6c	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandbr
mage8a	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandrb
mage8b	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandbr
mage8c	Zyntris	Slot 592	agrandrb
mage8e	Relonar	Slot 592	agrandbr
magetest	Mage	Slot 584	agrandbr
maprinvi	Barl	Slot 592	agrandbr
marlowe	Marlowe	Slot 592	agrandbr
masal02	Sailor Wally G Hrey	Slot 600	agrandrb
mathoren	Thorengrim Hammerfist	Slot 592	agrandrb
mddust	Dust Mephit	Slot 592	agrandcl
mdrak	Maharajah	Slot 592	agrandbr
mekimp01	Imp	Slot 608	agrandrb
mekrat	Mekrath	Slot 608	agrandbr
mel01	Melissan	Slot 592	agrandnc
meliss01	Melissan	Slot 592	agrandrb
melsum01	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandrb
melsum02	Bone Fiend	Slot 592	agrandbr
melsum03	Death Tyrant	Slot 592	agrandrb
melsum04	Balor	Slot 592	agrandbr
melsum05	Marilith	Slot 592	agrandbr
melsum06	Alhoon	Slot 592	agrandrb
mendas	Mendas	Slot 608	agrandrg
mendas2	Mendas	Slot 608	agrandrb
mepair01	Air Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
mepdus01	Dust Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
mepear01	Earth Mephit	Slot 600	agrandbr
mepfir01	Fire Mephit	Slot 592	agrandbr
mephsp1	Mephit Portal	Slot 592	agrandrp
mephsp2	Mephit Portal	Slot 592	agrandrb
mephsp3	Mephit Portal	Slot 592	agrandnc
mephsp4	Mephit Portal	Slot 592	agrandrg
mepice01	Ice Mephit	Slot 592	agrandlx
mepice02	Ice Mephit	Slot 600	agrandbr
meplig01	Lightning Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
mepmag01	Magma Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
mepmag02	Magma Mephit	Slot 600	agrandrb
mepmin01	Mineral Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
mepmis01	Mist Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
mepooz01	Ooze Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
meprad01	Radiant Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
meprad02	Radiant Mephit	Slot 600	agrandbr
mepsal01	Salt Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
mepsmo01	Smoke Mephit	Slot 592	agrandbr
mepsmo02	Smoke Mephit	Slot 600	agrandrp
mepste01	Steam Mephit	Slot 592	agrandbr
merinia	Meronia	Slot 600	agrandbr
meronia	Meronia	Slot 608	agrandbr
mgappr01	Larz	Slot 592	agrandsr
mgappr02	Morul	Slot 592	agrandbr
mgappr03	Nara	Slot 592	agrandrb
mgass01	Sergeant Natula	Slot 608	agrandrb
mgass02	Tyrian	Slot 600	agrandnc
mgass03	Vilhelm	Slot 600	agrandbr
mgbill01	William "Bill" Williamson	Slot 600	agrandrb
mgketg01	Man-at-Arms	Slot 600	agrandrb
mgketg02	Archer	Slot 600	agrandbr
mgkhol01	Khollynnus Paac	Slot 600	agrandbr
mgteos01	Teos	Slot 600	agrandbr
mimic01	Killer Mimic	Slot 592	agrandnc
mindal01	Alhoon	Slot 592	agrandbr
mindfl01	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
mindul01	Ulitharid	Slot 592	agrandcl
mindva01	Vampiric Illithid	Slot 592	agrandbr
mindvam	Vampiric Illithid	Slot 592	agrandbr
mintskel	Minto	Slot 592	agrandbr
minttrog	Troglodyte	Slot 592	agrandbr
mook	Mook	Slot 592	agrandbr
mook02	Mook	Slot 592	agrandbr
mookft01	Shadow Thief Thug	Slot 592	agrandrb
mookft02	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
mourner3	Arthur	Slot 600	agrandrp
mourner8	Mourner	Slot 592	agrandrb
mtbe7	Davis	Slot 600	agrandbr
mugger1	Shady Character	Slot 592	agrandbr
mugger2	Shady Character	Slot 592	agrandbr
mugger3	Shady Character	Slot 608	agrandrb
mugger4	Ogre	Slot 592	agrandrb
mumgre01	Greater Mummy	Slot 592	agrandrb
mummy	Mummy	Slot 592	agrandrb
mummy01	Mummy	Slot 592	agrandrb
mummyx1	Mummy	Slot 592	agrandrb
mvguard1	Assassin	Slot 600	agrandbr
mvpries	Priest of Cyric	Slot 600	agrandbr
nalbarg	Barg	Slot 592	agrandbr
naldirt	Officer Dirth	Slot 592	agrandbr
naliames	Messenger	Slot 592	agrandrb
nalla	Stormherald Nallabir	Slot 600	agrandrb
nameless	Nameless One	Slot 592	agrandrb
natalk9	Natalka	Slot 600	agrandbr
neb	Neb	Slot 600	agrandbr
neeber	Neeber	Slot 600	agrandbr
nevaziah	Nevaziah	Slot 592	agrandnc
nevm1	Wight	Slot 592	agrandbr
nevm2	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
nevm3	Ghast	Slot 600	agrandbr
nevm4	Vampyre	Slot 592	agrandrb
nevm5	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
nighthag	Night Hag	Slot 584	agrandsr
nightwlk	Night Walker	Slot 584	agrandrb
noble1	Nobleman	Slot 600	agrandrb
noble2	Nobleman	Slot 600	agrandbr
noblem1	Nobleman	Slot 600	agrandrb
noblem2	Nobleman	Slot 608	agrandrb
ntamelka	Amelka	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntarchan	Archandra	Slot 584	agrandrb
ntaschma	Brother Aschmaan	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntashiru	Ashirukuru	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntassaia	Assaia	Slot 584	agrandbr
ntbalen	Balen	Slot 600	agrandrb
ntblhcu1	Black Hand Cultist	Slot 584	agrandrb
ntblhcul	Black Hand Cultist	Slot 584	agrandbr
ntbpwatc	Catacomb Warder	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntbrent1	Brentaw	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntbrenta	Brentaw	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntbrigan	Brigand	Slot 600	agrandrb
ntcholga	Cholga	Slot 592	agrandcl
ntdeath1	Demonknight	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntdeathk	Demonknight	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntdemon	Doomsayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntdraagi	Brother Draagis	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntdxter	Sister A Little	Slot 592	agrandbr
nteldod	Eldod	Slot 592	agrandnc
nteldod1	Eldod	Slot 600	agrandbr
ntessila	Essila	Slot 584	agrandrb
ntforeog	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntgghot1	General Ghotal	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntgghota	General Ghotal	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntghelde	Gheldehar	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntguarp1	Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntguarp2	Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntguarp3	Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntguarp4	Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntguarpb	Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
nthaebal	Haeball	Slot 600	agrandbr
nthasdar	Brother Hasdar	Slot 592	agrandbr
nthasten	Hasten	Slot 584	agrandbr
nthobgod	Hobgod	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntindfi1	Lesser Tanar'ri	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntindfi2	Lesser Tanar'ri	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntindfig	Lesser Tanar'ri	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntkamira	Kamira	Slot 592	agrandsh
ntkrotan	Krotan	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntlegian	Legion	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntllinde	Llindelin	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntlucret	Lucretia	Slot 584	agrandbr
ntmariel	Mariel	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntmilea	Milea	Slot 584	agrandnc
ntmonkde	Monk	Slot 584	agrandrb
ntmordor	Mardoroan	Slot 584	agrandbr
ntogreda	Daddy	Slot 592	agrandsw
ntogremu	Mommy	Slot 600	agrandrb
ntolivia	Olivia	Slot 584	agrandrb
ntorpeho	Orpeho	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntpaulia	Paulia	Slot 584	agrandrb
ntrededg	Rededge	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntreedri	Reedrig	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntroach	Lesser Tanar'ri	Slot 584	agrandrb
ntsarq	Sar'garin Ve'xelt	Slot 584	agrandbr
ntsatos	Satos	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntsatos1	Satos	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntsilua	Sil	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntsirin2	Sirine	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntsirin4	Sirine	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntsirine	Krestian's friend	Slot 592	agrandcl
ntsvlast	Svlast	Slot 592	agrandbr
nttamael	Tamael	Slot 584	agrandbr
nttytus	Tytus	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntwelt	Welt	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntwyvern	Fire Wyvern	Slot 592	agrandbr
ntyness	Yness	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntzombie	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
ntzombju	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
nwyvbab	Baby Wyvern	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#aegnor	Aegnor	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#arudin	Arudin	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#azag	Azag	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#bea	Beatrice	Slot 600	agrandrg
o#blinky	Blinky	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#botan	Botan	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#castor	Castor	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#clone	Guardian Clone	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#crale	Sir Alexis	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#crama	Amara	Slot 592	agrandlx
o#crchri	Chris	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#crdat	Inspector Daton	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crenf1	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crenf2	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandnc
o#crfein	Fein	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crgan	Gannis	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#crgoon	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crgu31	Amnian Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crgu32	Amnian Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#crgu71	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#crgu72	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crgu73	Mercenary	Slot 584	agrandrb
o#crgua1	Lord Melyin's Bodyguard	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crgua2	Lord Melyin's Bodyguard	Slot 592	agrandsh
o#crkern	Kern	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crlah1	Feenick's Bodyguard	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crlah2	Feenick's Bodyguard	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#crlah3	Feenick's Bodyguard	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#crlah4	Feenick's Bodyguard	Slot 584	agrandrb
o#crmel	Lord Melyin	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crnev	Nevier Costa	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#crqyr	Qyr	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#crstee	Oulav Steros	Slot 600	agrandbr
o#crstg1	Thug	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crstg2	Thug	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#crtea	Tea	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#drowf	Hunrae	Slot 600	agrandbr
o#drowm	Xynolin	Slot 592	agrandea
o#dur	Dur	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#durn	Durnkrag	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#eligor	Eligor	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#ezara	Ezara	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#ganel	Ganelon	Slot 608	agrandbr
o#gewen	Captain Gewen	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#grudin	Grudin	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#hiel	Hiel	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#khagg	Khaggoth	Slot 600	agrandbr
o#lepus	Lepus	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#lynn	Lynn	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#mac	Mac	Slot 592	agrandrp
o#merc	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandbr
o#merc1	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#merc2	Mercenary	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#mercd	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#nailyn	Nailyn	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#naiz	Naiz	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#quagis	Quagis	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#rand	Captain Randall	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#remus	Remus	Slot 600	agrandrb
o#rhin	Rhin	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#ricar	Ricar	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#rotan	Rotan	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#ruavel	Ruavel	Slot 592	agrandsr
o#selia	Selia	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#siene	Siene	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#smug	Fren	Slot 608	agrandsh
o#spir1	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#spir2	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
o#spir3	Elven Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#srax	Sraxsuth	Slot 584	agrandrp
o#teagan	Teagan	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#thug	Smuggler	Slot 592	agrandbr
o#vel	Vel	Slot 608	agrandbr
o#verell	Verella	Slot 592	agrandbr
obe	Obe	Slot 592	agrandrb
obsdem01	Lea'liyl	Slot 600	agrandrb
obsdem02	Mane	Slot 608	agrandbr
obsdem03	Elder Orb	Slot 600	agrandsr
obsdem04	Maurezhi	Slot 592	agrandrb
obsdem05	Nabassu	Slot 592	agrandrb
obsfir01	Noble Efreeti	Slot 592	agrandbr
obsfir02	Fire Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
obsfir03	Magma Mephit	Slot 592	agrandbr
obsfir04	Smoke Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
obshal01	Entu	Slot 600	agrandrb
obshal02	Togan	Slot 592	agrandbr
obshal03	Necre	Slot 608	agrandrb
obshal04	Halfling Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
obshal05	Kayardi	Slot 600	agrandrb
obshal06	Taibela	Slot 608	agrandbr
obshal07	Mogadish	Slot 600	agrandbr
obsice01	Snow Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
obsice02	Ice Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
obsice11	Snow Troll	Slot 592	agrandlx
obssah01	Sahuagin Baron	Slot 592	agrandbr
obssah02	Sahuagin Priestess	Slot 592	agrandrb
obssah03	Sahuagin Baronial Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
obssah04	Sahuagin	Slot 592	agrandrb
obssah05	Sahuagin	Slot 592	agrandbr
obssol01	Reyna	Slot 608	agrandrb
obssol02	Onvo	Slot 600	agrandbr
obssol03	Ancan	Slot 600	agrandbr
ogre01	Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogredd1	Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogregr_a	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogregr1	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogregr2	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogregr3	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogregr4	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandlx
ogreha_a	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogreha_c	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogreha_d	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandcl
ogreha_e	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogreha1	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogreha2	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogreha3	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogreha4	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogreha5	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogrema01	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogrhal01	Half Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
ogrill01	Ogrillon	Slot 592	agrandrb
ogrmag01	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
oisig	High Watcher Oisig	Slot 600	agrandbr
orc01	Orc	Slot 592	agrandbr
orc02	Orc Archer	Slot 592	agrandrb
orc03	Orc Priest	Slot 592	agrandsw
orc04	Orc Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
orc05	Orog	Slot 592	agrandrb
orc06	Orog	Slot 592	agrandbr
orckiv01	Orc Priest	Slot 592	agrandrb
orgoinvi	Barl	Slot 592	agrandbr
orgoth01	Orgoth	Slot 600	agrandbr
orgoth02	Orgoth	Slot 600	agrandbr
otyugh	Otyugh	Slot 592	agrandbr
otyugh01	Otyugh	Slot 592	agrandbr
overgold	Overgold Haeclar Dominit	Slot 592	agrandbr
p#imanel	Imanel Silversword	Slot 592	agrandbr
pace	Pace	Slot 608	agrandrb
pala	Pala Fentan	Slot 592	agrandbr
pala02	Pala Fentan	Slot 592	agrandbr
palern	Palern Flynn	Slot 592	agrandbr
palkni01	Ogre Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
palkni02	Ogre	Slot 600	agrandrb
palkni03	Gnoll Elite	Slot 600	agrandbr
palkni04	Ogre	Slot 600	agrandrb
palkni05	Baby Wyvern	Slot 600	agrandrb
pardru	Sorsha	Slot 608	agrandbr
parfig16	Jalin Tix	Slot 592	agrandbr
parmonk	Mahar	Slot 600	agrandbr
parthf	Alnarow	Slot 608	agrandrp
pashtrav	Pasha Khazun	Slot 592	agrandbr
pawn	Pawn	Slot 584	agrandbr
pbhunt02	Bounty Hunter	Slot 608	agrandbr
pbhunt03	Bounty Hunter	Slot 608	agrandbr
pbhunt04	Bounty Hunter	Slot 608	agrandbr
pbhunt05	Bounty Hunter	Slot 608	agrandrb
pcapt02	Prison Captain	Slot 592	agrandsw
pcapt03	Prison Captain	Slot 592	agrandbr
pcapt04	Prison Captain	Slot 592	agrandbr
pcapt05	Prison Captain	Slot 592	agrandrb
pcapt06	Prison Captain	Slot 592	agrandrb
pdwarf01	Dwarf Thrall	Slot 592	agrandrb
pehllus	Pehllus Tanislove	Slot 600	agrandrb
pelanna	Pelanna	Slot 608	agrandbr
peleria	Peleria	Slot 592	agrandbr
pettin	Ettin	Slot 592	agrandbr
phlydi2	Phlydia	Slot 600	agrandbr
phlydia	Phlydia	Slot 592	agrandea
pirbob01	Capt'n Bob Holmes	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirdoc01	Dockhand	Slot 600	agrandbr
pirebd01	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirebd02	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirebd03	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandnc
pirebd04	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirebd05	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirebd06	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirebd07	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirebd08	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirebd09	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirebd10	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirebd11	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirebd12	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirebd13	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirebd14	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirebd15	Nethlander Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirebd16	Raurivyl Ornshield	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirebd17	Bahija Fair	Slot 592	agrandcl
pirexe01	Executioner	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirfsh01	Fisherman	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirfsh02	Fishwife	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirgrd01	Guard	Slot 592	agrandnc
pirmur01	Galvena	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirmur02	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandrg
pirmur03	Front	Slot 608	agrandrb
pirmur04	Guard	Slot 608	agrandsw
pirmur05	Guard Capt	Slot 600	agrandrb
pirmur06	Guard Capt	Slot 592	agrandlx
pirmur07	Vadek	Slot 600	agrandrb
pirmur08	Guard	Slot 608	agrandbr
pirmur09	Golin	Slot 592	agrandrp
pirmur11	Guard	Slot 608	agrandbr
pirmur12	Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirmur13	Guard Capt	Slot 600	agrandrb
pirn	Pirn	Slot 584	agrandrb
pirpir01	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirpir02	Andar the Pirate	Slot 600	agrandbr
pirpir03	Olben the Pirate	Slot 600	agrandrb
pirpir04	Drunken Sailor	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirpir05	Chremy	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirpir07	Pirate Bill	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirpir08	Pirate Dan	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirpir09	Pirate Jimmy	Slot 592	agrandsw
pirpir10	Pirate Scotty	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirpir11	Pirate Paul	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirpir12	Pirate Newf	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirprv01	Privateer	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirsal02	Sailor	Slot 592	agrandrb
pirsea01	Pirate Captain	Slot 592	agrandbr
pirsea02	Pirate	Slot 584	agrandbr
pirsea03	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
pkagal	Agal	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkagalb	Agal	Slot 592	agrandrp
pkchat1	Ranas	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkchat2	Sorgeir	Slot 592	agrandrg
pkchat3	Hladvar	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkdead1	Finion	Slot 592	agrandrb
pkdead1a	Finion	Slot 592	agrandrb
pkfatty1	Branthor	Slot 584	agrandbr
pkfatty2	Dindil	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkfatxy2	Dindil	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkgard1	Horkvar	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkgard2	Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
pkghost3	Scarlet Sending	Slot 592	agrandnc
pkghost4	Shadow Spectre	Slot 592	agrandrb
pkhohom1	Kroldhir	Slot 592	agrandrb
pkhohom2	Fjord	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkhohom3	Bjodlaug	Slot 592	agrandrb
pklich1	Beghael	Slot 600	agrandbr
pkloth1	Erolas	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkloth2	Erolas	Slot 592	agrandrb
pkmarcus	Marcus	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkmess	Rane	Slot 592	agrandrb
pkmess2	Rane	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkorfa	Orfa	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkstore1	Deneron	Slot 592	agrandbr
pkstore2	Carval	Slot 592	agrandbr
pksum1	Lich	Slot 592	agrandrb
pksum2	Lich	Slot 592	agrandsw
pksum3	Lich	Slot 592	agrandbr
planet01	Planetar	Slot 592	agrandlx
planevil	Fallen Planetar	Slot 592	agrandbr
plangood	Planetar	Slot 592	agrandrb
planwish	Fallen Planetar	Slot 592	agrandsr
plass01	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandrb
plass02	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
plass03	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
plass04	Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
plfarm01	Lette	Slot 592	agrandrb
plfarm02	Lanka	Slot 600	agrandrb
plfarm03	Petr	Slot 592	agrandbr
plfarm04	Brunson	Slot 600	agrandbr
plfarm05	Pardo	Slot 592	agrandsw
plfarm06	Moreno	Slot 600	agrandrb
plgran01	Illon	Slot 592	agrandrb
plmetg01	Metrich Footman	Slot 592	agrandrb
plmetg02	Metrich Yeoman	Slot 592	agrandbr
plmetr01	Baron Metrich	Slot 592	agrandbr
plmetw01	Sorcerous Amin	Slot 600	agrandsh
plshfg01	Ettin	Slot 592	agrandbr
plshfg02	Ettin	Slot 592	agrandrb
plshhg01	Hobgoblin Slayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
plshhg02	Hobgoblin Wizard	Slot 592	agrandbr
plshom01	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
plybass	Lesser Basilisk	Slot 592	agrandrb
plyflind	Flind	Slot 592	agrandlx
plyogre	Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
plysala	Fire Salamander	Slot 592	agrandrb
plytroll	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
plywyvrn	Baby Wyvern	Slot 592	agrandbr
pmaster	Master of Thralls	Slot 592	agrandbr
pocre001	Sending	Slot 592	agrandbr
podese01	Ritual of Desecration	Slot 592	agrandrb
podese02	Ritual of Desecration	Slot 592	agrandrb
podese03	Ritual of Desecration	Slot 592	agrandrp
poe	Poe	Slot 600	agrandbr
poisod	Poisoned Man	Slot 592	agrandbr
polite01	Light	Slot 592	agrandbr
ponite01	Night	Slot 592	agrandrb
ponite02	Night	Slot 592	agrandbr
porain01	Thunderstorm	Slot 592	agrandrb
porain02	Thunderstorm	Slot 592	agrandrb
poraise1	Venonocanes Staff	Slot 592	agrandrb
porest4	Venonocanes Staff	Slot 592	agrandbr
posnow01	Snow Storm	Slot 592	agrandrb
posnow02	Snow Storm	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppaltk1	Kobold Shaman	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppaltk2	Kobold Shaman	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppaph2	Aphril	Slot 600	agrandrp
ppaphril	Aphril	Slot 600	agrandrp
pparan2	Aran Linvail	Slot 608	agrandrb
ppbhaal	Bhaal	Slot 608	agrandbr
ppbodhi4	Bodhi	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppcowled	Perth the Adept	Slot 608	agrandbr
ppdel	Del	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppdemon	Demon	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppdesh	Desharik	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppdesh2	Desharik	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppdjinn	Genie	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppdjinn2	Noble Djinni	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppdoor	Pirate Door Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppdra2	Dradeel	Slot 608	agrandrb
ppduel1	Andante	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppduel2	Dirbish the Black	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppduelc	Duel Coordinator	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppgith	Githyanki Captain	Slot 608	agrandrb
ppgithgi	Githyanki	Slot 608	agrandrb
ppgithma	Githyanki	Slot 608	agrandrb
ppgithwa	Githyanki	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppguard	Pirate	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppguard1	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppguard2	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppguard3	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppguard4	Kobold Witch Doctor	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppguarda	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppireni1	Coordinator	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppjoye	Dace Sontan	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppjoye2	Dace Apparition	Slot 584	agrandrb
pplackey	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppldr01	Pirate Leader	Slot 600	agrandrb
pplove	Algor	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppmag01	Pirate Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppmind01	Ulitharid	Slot 592	agrandlx
ppmur	Murderer	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppnab01	Nabassu	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppnab02	Nabassu	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppnab03	Nabassu	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppnalj	Naljier Skal	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppnalj2	Naljier Skal	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppparis	Parisa	Slot 592	agrandrb
pppirate	Pirate	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppright	Dunbar	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppsaem	Saemon Havarian	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppsaem2	Saemon Havarian	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppsaem3	Saemon Havarian	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppsail01	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppsail02	Pirate	Slot 608	agrandbr
ppsail03	Pirate	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppsailor	Sailor	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppsanik	Sanik	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppsha	Saemon Havarian	Slot 600	agrandrb
ppshad01	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
ppsime	Sime	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppsuna	Suna Seni	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppthf01	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppthf02	Pirate	Slot 592	agrandbr
pptroll1	Spirit Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
pptroll2	Spirit Troll	Slot 592	agrandsw
ppumb01	Priestess of Umberlee	Slot 592	agrandsr
ppumb02	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandbr
ppvalen	Valen	Slot 592	agrandrb
ppwanev	Wanev	Slot 608	agrandrb
ppwanev2	Wanev	Slot 608	agrandlx
ppworker	Lonk the Sane	Slot 592	agrandbr
prelate	Prelate Wessalen	Slot 592	agrandbr
pride	Warder	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries10a	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries10b	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandbr
pries10c	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandbr
pries12a	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries12b	Zeela	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries12c	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries18a	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries18b	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries18c	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries6a	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries6b	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries6c	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
pries8a	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrp
pries8b	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandsr
pries8c	Zorl	Slot 592	agrandrb
prisong1	Prison Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
prisong2	Prison Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
prisonk1	Prison Keeper	Slot 592	agrandbr
prophelm	Shield Knight	Slot 608	agrandsw
prophet1	Prophet	Slot 608	agrandrb
prophet2	Prophet	Slot 608	agrandrb
prophet3	Prophet	Slot 608	agrandbr
prophet4	Prophet	Slot 608	agrandbr
proplat	Morning Knight	Slot 600	agrandrb
proptal	Storm Knight	Slot 608	agrandrb
psicere	Cerebrilith	Slot 584	agrandbr
psidark1	Mighty Dark Knight Lord	Slot 592	agrandbr
psidark2	Elite Dark Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
psidark3	Elite Dark Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
psion1	Psion	Slot 584	agrandea
psion2	Psion	Slot 592	agrandrb
psion3	Andragore	Slot 600	agrandrb
psion4	Andragore	Slot 592	agrandbr
psiwar1	Psion Warrior	Slot 584	agrandrb
psiwar2	Psion Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
psiwar3	Psion Warrior	Slot 584	agrandbr
ptagget	Tagget	Slot 592	agrandrb
pthral01	Thrall Leader	Slot 592	agrandbr
pthral02	Thrall	Slot 592	agrandbr
pthral03	Thrall Fighter	Slot 600	agrandrb
pthral04	Thrall	Slot 592	agrandbr
pthral05	Female Thrall	Slot 600	agrandrb
pthral07	Warden's Thrall	Slot 600	agrandrb
pthral08	Thrall	Slot 608	agrandbr
pthral09	Thrall	Slot 608	agrandrb
pthral10	Thrall	Slot 600	agrandbr
pthral11	Thrall	Slot 600	agrandbr
pwarden	Warden	Slot 600	agrandrb
pwauk1	Counter Carravis	Slot 592	agrandrp
pwauk2	Haletlatess Jillian	Slot 608	agrandrb
pwyvv01	Wyvern	Slot 608	agrandrb
qcaptain	Carlon Lendras	Slot 592	agrandbr
qcirc03	Circus Performer	Slot 592	agrandrb
qloot1	Hurgan	Slot 592	agrandbr
qloot2	Makan	Slot 600	agrandbr
qloot3	Chobenhair	Slot 592	agrandbr
qloot4	Laras	Slot 592	agrandbr
quadkid1	Reno	Slot 592	agrandbr
quadkid2	Marco	Slot 592	agrandbr
quadkid3	Keris	Slot 592	agrandrb
quadtol1	Giant Troll	Slot 600	agrandrb
quatar	Quataris	Slot 600	agrandbr
queen	Queen	Slot 584	agrandbr
quint	Quint Roenall	Slot 592	agrandrb
r800001	Reingard	Slot 592	agrandbr
r800002	Norin	Slot 592	agrandrb
r800003	Ronar	Slot 592	agrandsw
r800004	Rugnar	Slot 592	agrandbr
r800005	Hammel	Slot 592	agrandrb
raelis	Raelis Shai	Slot 600	agrandbr
rakmah01	Maharajah	Slot 600	agrandbr
rakraj01	Rajah	Slot 600	agrandrb
rakruh01	Ruhk	Slot 600	agrandbr
raksha01	Rakshasa	Slot 600	agrandbr
ralej	Rayic Gethras	Slot 592	agrandrb
rance	Statue	Slot 600	agrandrb
ravager	The Ravager	Slot 592	agrandlx
razak01	Rezak the Arms Master	Slot 592	agrandbr
re_anne	Anne	Slot 592	agrandea
re_carl	Carlos	Slot 592	agrandrb
re_carl1	Thug	Slot 592	agrandbr
re_carl2	Thug	Slot 592	agrandea
re_chand	Chandra	Slot 592	agrandrb
re_dryad	Dryad	Slot 592	agrandrb
re_isab	Isabelle	Slot 608	agrandrb
re_lais	Lais	Slot 592	agrandbr
re_mekrn	Dryad	Slot 592	agrandrb
re_mit	Mit	Slot 592	agrandrb
re_noob	Noober	Slot 600	agrandrb
re_reb	Rebecca	Slot 592	agrandlx
re_send	Sendai	Slot 592	agrandrp
re_sheri	Sheri D'Avignon	Slot 592	agrandnc
reband01	Bandit	Slot 592	agrandrb
reband02	Bandit	Slot 592	agrandrp
reband03	Bandit	Slot 592	agrandbr
reband04	Bandit	Slot 592	agrandrb
reband05	Bandit	Slot 592	agrandrb
rebecca	Rebecca	Slot 592	agrandbr
reckon	Duergar	Slot 600	agrandbr
recler01	Slaver	Slot 592	agrandbr
recler02	Cleric	Slot 592	agrandsw
redabi01	Red Abishai	Slot 592	agrandbr
redilav	Dilav	Slot 592	agrandbr
redrad01	Dradeel	Slot 592	agrandrb
reeldar	Eldarin	Slot 592	agrandrb
refigh01	Slaver	Slot 592	agrandsr
remage01	Slaver Wizard	Slot 584	agrandsh
remage02	Slaver Wizard	Slot 592	agrandrb
renal	Renal Bloodscalp	Slot 600	agrandrb
rengaa	Rengaard	Slot 600	agrandrb
repthf1	Shadow Thief	Slot 608	agrandrb
repthf2	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrp
repthf3	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
rerak01	Traveler	Slot 600	agrandrb
rerak02	Traveler	Slot 600	agrandbr
rerak03	Traveler	Slot 600	agrandbr
rerak04	Traveler	Slot 600	agrandrb
rerak05	Traveler	Slot 600	agrandrb
rerak06	Traveler	Slot 600	agrandrb
resuna	Suna Seni	Slot 592	agrandbr
retalak	Talak	Slot 592	agrandbr
rethie01	Slaver	Slot 592	agrandrb
rethie02	Slaver	Slot 592	agrandrb
rethie03	Slaver	Slot 592	agrandrb
rethug01	Thug	Slot 592	agrandrb
rethug02	Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
rethug03	Thug	Slot 592	agrandrb
rethug04	Thug	Slot 592	agrandrb
reti	Reti	Slot 592	agrandbr
reven01	Revenant	Slot 584	agrandbr
riat01	Tolgerias	Slot 600	agrandrb
riat02	Tolgerias	Slot 600	agrandrb
riat03	Tolgerias	Slot 600	agrandrb
riat04	Tolgerias	Slot 600	agrandbr
riat05	Tolgerias	Slot 600	agrandbr
riatamne	Myrin	Slot 592	agrandbr
riatgate	Gatesman	Slot 592	agrandbr
riatjail	Jailer	Slot 592	agrandbr
riatmov1	Guardian Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
riatmov2	Guardian Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
riatmov3	Guardian Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
riatmov4	Guardian Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
riatmov5	Guardian Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
ribald	Ribald	Slot 608	agrandbr
riftcr01	Greater Ghoul	Slot 592	agrandrb
riftcr02	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
riftcr03	Greater Mummy	Slot 592	agrandlx
riftcr04	Empathic Manifestation	Slot 600	agrandbr
riftg03	Avatar	Slot 600	agrandbr
riftm01	Diseased One	Slot 608	agrandrb
riftm02	Diseased One	Slot 608	agrandbr
riftw01	Diseased One	Slot 608	agrandbr
rigen03	Tombelthen Soldiers	Slot 608	agrandrb
rinnie	Rinnie	Slot 600	agrandbr
rngbeh01	Death Tyrant	Slot 592	agrandbr
rngwlf01	Anath	Slot 608	agrandrg
rngwlf02	Anath	Slot 584	agrandbr
rngwlf03	Anath	Slot 608	agrandbr
rngwlf04	Anath	Slot 584	agrandbr
rngwlf05	Anath	Slot 600	agrandrb
robend01	Host Tower Archmage	Slot 592	agrandbr
robend02	Host Tower Archmage	Slot 592	agrandea
roborb01	Waterdeep Assassination Wizard	Slot 592	agrandrp
rock	Rock	Slot 584	agrandbr
roger	Roger the Fence	Slot 608	agrandrb
rogtro01	Sea Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
rogtro02	Sea Troll	Slot 592	agrandrb
rondan	Rondan	Slot 584	agrandrb
rook	Rook	Slot 592	agrandbr
rorca01	Orc Archer	Slot 584	agrandbr
rorcl01	Orog Leader	Slot 608	agrandbr
rorcs01	Orog	Slot 584	agrandrb
rr#vam01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandbr
rskel01	Skeleton	Slot 600	agrandbr
rskel02	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
rskel03	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrb
rspirit1	Mairyn	Slot 592	agrandrb
ruffian	Amalas	Slot 600	agrandrb
rufpal1	Ruffian	Slot 600	agrandbr
rufpal2	Ruffian	Slot 600	agrandbr
rumar01	Umar	Slot 600	agrandrb
rumar02	Nabassu	Slot 600	agrandrb
rumar03	Imp	Slot 592	agrandbr
ryan	Sir Paritin	Slot 592	agrandrb
rylock	Rylock	Slot 608	agrandrb
rzomb01	Zombie	Slot 600	agrandrb
sacorc01	Gorrek	Slot 592	agrandbr
sacorc02	Orc Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
sacorc03	Orc Priest	Slot 592	agrandbr
sacorc04	Orc Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
sacorc05	Orc	Slot 592	agrandbr
sacorc06	Orc Archer	Slot 592	agrandrb
sacorc07	Orc Priest	Slot 592	agrandbr
sacorc08	Orc Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
sacorc10	Orc	Slot 592	agrandnc
sacorc9	Orc Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
saerk	Saerk Farrahd	Slot 608	agrandrb
sahamb01	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahamb02	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahamb03	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahamb04	Sahuagin	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahamb05	Sahuagin	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahamb06	Sahuagin	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahbar01	Sahuagin Baronial Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahbar02	Sahuagin Baron	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahbar03	Baron Thelokassyil	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahbeh01	Spectator	Slot 600	agrandea
sahbeh02	Sziltar's Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahbeh03	Sziltar's Apparition	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahbeh04	Sziltar's Apparition	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahcapt0	Captain Alyittyl	Slot 600	agrandrb
sahcapt1	Captain Alyittyl	Slot 600	agrandbr
sahchf01	Sahuagin Chieftain	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahcpt01	Captain Alyittyl	Slot 600	agrandrb
sahcpt02	Captain Feerlattiys	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahextra	Sahuagin Royal Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahgrd01	Sahuagin Royal Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahgrd02	Sahuagin Royal Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahgrd03	Sahuagin Royal Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahimp01	Imp	Slot 592	agrandrg
sahimp02	Imp	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahimp04	Khelben	Slot 584	agrandbr
sahimp05	Alustriel	Slot 600	agrandbr
sahimp06	Piergeiron	Slot 600	agrandbr
sahkin01	Sahuagin King	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahkng01	King Ixilthetocal	Slot 592	agrandsh
sahkng02	King Ixilthetocal	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahoty01	Ettin	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahpr1	Royal High Priestess Senityili	Slot 608	agrandrb
sahpr3	High Priestess Tlyysixxous	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahpr4	Senior Priestess Sallinithyl	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahpr5	Priestess of Sekolah	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahpri01	Sahuagin Prince	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahpri02	Royal High Priestess	Slot 600	agrandbr
sahramb1	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandrb
sahramb2	Rebel	Slot 600	agrandbr
sahramb3	Priestess	Slot 600	agrandbr
sahramb4	Rebel	Slot 600	agrandrb
sahramb5	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahrar01	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahreb02	Prince Villynaty	Slot 600	agrandrb
sahrgr01	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahrgr02	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahrgr03	Rebel	Slot 600	agrandbr
sahrnt01	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahryl01	Sahuagin Royal Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahsss01	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahsss02	Rebel	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahsss03	Rebel	Slot 608	agrandrb
sahuag01	Sahuagin	Slot 592	agrandbr
sahzom01	Sea Zombie Lord	Slot 592	agrandbr
salam01	Pasha Salam	Slot 592	agrandbr
salam02	Pasha Salam	Slot 592	agrandrb
salam03	Pasha Salam	Slot 592	agrandrb
salam04	Pasha Salam	Slot 592	agrandrg
salam05	Pasha Salam	Slot 592	agrandbr
salam06	Pasha Salam	Slot 592	agrandbr
salvanas	Salvanas	Slot 608	agrandsw
sarbha01	Alexander Ralisar	Slot 592	agrandrb
sarbha02	Oris Nimblefinger	Slot 592	agrandrb
sarbha03	Asmay Jahag	Slot 592	agrandrb
sarbul01	Human	Slot 600	agrandbr
sarbul02	Human	Slot 600	agrandrb
sarbul03	Human	Slot 600	agrandrb
sarbul04	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
sarbul05	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 600	agrandbr
sarbul06	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 600	agrandlx
sarbul07	Il-Khan Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
sarcpt01	Captain Samand	Slot 608	agrandbr
sarcult	Human Cultist	Slot 608	agrandrb
sarcult2	Human Cultist	Slot 608	agrandbr
sarculto	Orc Cultist	Slot 608	agrandbr
sardw01	Dwarf	Slot 600	agrandrb
sardw02	Dwarf	Slot 600	agrandbr
sardw03	Dwarf	Slot 600	agrandrb
sardw04	Dwarf	Slot 600	agrandea
sardw05	Dwarf	Slot 592	agrandbr
sarelf05	Elf	Slot 600	agrandrb
sarelf06	Elf	Slot 592	agrandrb
sarev1	Armored Figure	Slot 592	agrandbr
sarfaki2	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandbr
sarfakie	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandsh
sargrd01	Militia Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
sargrd02	Militia Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
sargrd03	Militia Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
sargrd04	Fighter	Slot 600	agrandrb
sargrd05	Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
sargrd06	Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
sargrd07	Fighter	Slot 600	agrandbr
sargrd08	Fighter	Slot 600	agrandrb
sargrd09	Thief	Slot 600	agrandrp
sargrd10	Fighter	Slot 584	agrandbr
sargrd11	Fighter	Slot 584	agrandrb
sargrd12	Militia Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
sargrd13	Militia Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
sargrd14	Militia Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
sargrd15	Militia Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
sargrd16	Militia Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
sarhal	Halfling Cultist	Slot 608	agrandrb
saripg01	Militia Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
saripg02	Militia Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
saripg03	Militia Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
saripg04	Militia Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
sarkis01	Kiser Jhaeri	Slot 600	agrandbr
sarkis02	Fighter	Slot 608	agrandrb
sarkis03	Fighter	Slot 584	agrandrb
sarkis04	Kiser Jhaeri	Slot 600	agrandbr
sarmag01	Errard	Slot 600	agrandbr
sarmat01	Mateo	Slot 600	agrandbr
sarmil01	Militia Soldier	Slot 600	agrandrb
sarmil02	Militia Captain	Slot 592	agrandbr
sarmist	Cold Mistress	Slot 600	agrandrb
sarorc01	Elite Orc	Slot 592	agrandbr
saroro01	Elite Orog	Slot 592	agrandbr
sarrein1	Orc	Slot 600	agrandbr
sarrein2	Human	Slot 600	agrandbr
sarson01	Ardic Santele	Slot 592	agrandsh
sarthf01	Hectan	Slot 592	agrandrb
sartro01	Orc	Slot 608	agrandbr
sartro02	Human	Slot 608	agrandbr
sartro03	Orog	Slot 608	agrandbr
sarvam01	Phlydian	Slot 608	agrandrb
sarvam02	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
sarvam03	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandbr
sarvie01	Viekang	Slot 584	agrandbr
sassar	Sassar	Slot 592	agrandrb
scdur	Unger Hilldark	Slot 592	agrandsw
scjerlia	Jerlia the Ore Merchant	Slot 592	agrandbr
scsain	Dawnbringer Sain	Slot 592	agrandrb
sctelwyn	Guardian Telwyn	Slot 608	agrandbr
scyarryl	Talon Yarryl	Slot 592	agrandrb
senani01	Moose	Slot 608	agrandbr
senani02	Deer	Slot 608	agrandbr
senani03	Squirrel	Slot 608	agrandrb
senani04	Rabbit	Slot 608	agrandrb
senani05	Pheasant	Slot 600	agrandsw
senbeh01	Spectator	Slot 592	agrandrb
sendai	Sendai	Slot 592	agrandbr
sendai2	Sendai	Slot 584	agrandrb
sendai3	Sendai	Slot 592	agrandbr
sendai4	Sendai	Slot 592	agrandbr
sendai5	Sendai	Slot 592	agrandbr
sendai6	Sendai	Slot 592	agrandbr
sendai7	Sendai	Slot 600	agrandrb
sendai8	Sendai	Slot 592	agrandbr
sendro01	Drow	Slot 584	agrandbr
sendro02	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
sendro03	Drow	Slot 600	agrandrb
sendro04	Drow	Slot 584	agrandrb
sendro05	Drow	Slot 584	agrandbr
senfod01	Drow	Slot 584	agrandbr
senfod02	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
sengua01	Woodcutter	Slot 608	agrandbr
sengua02	Guard Captain	Slot 592	agrandrb
sengua03	Captain Egeissag	Slot 600	agrandbr
sengua04	Slavemaster	Slot 608	agrandrb
sengua05	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
senill01	Mithykyl	Slot 592	agrandsr
senill02	Mithykyl	Slot 592	agrandbr
senken01	Thelynn'ss	Slot 584	agrandrb
senlich	Odamaron	Slot 584	agrandrb
senmonk	Master Bennon	Slot 592	agrandbr
senorc01	Derro Berserker	Slot 592	agrandrb
senorc02	Derro	Slot 592	agrandbr
senorc03	Derro Berserker	Slot 592	agrandrb
senorc04	Derro	Slot 592	agrandrb
senpri01	Diaytha	Slot 608	agrandrb
sensmsp2	Orog	Slot 592	agrandbr
sethle	Sethle	Slot 608	agrandbr
sevdru01	Alatelo De Bonito	Slot 600	agrandrp
sevpat01	Mencar Pebblecrusher	Slot 608	agrandrb
sevpat03	Pooky	Slot 608	agrandsr
sevpat04	Smaeluv Orcslicer	Slot 600	agrandbr
sevpat05	Brennan Risling	Slot 608	agrandrb
sewarc01	Orc Archer	Slot 600	agrandbr
sewarc02	Orc Archer	Slot 600	agrandbr
sewdue01	Duergar Sapper	Slot 600	agrandbr
sewdue02	Duergar Sapper	Slot 600	agrandrb
seworo01	Elite Orog	Slot 600	agrandbr
sewrak01	Rakshasa	Slot 608	agrandrb
sewyag01	Duergar Sapper	Slot 592	agrandrp
sewyag02	Orc Archer	Slot 592	agrandrb
sewyag03	Elite Orog	Slot 592	agrandsr
sewyag04	Yaga-Shura Mage	Slot 600	agrandrb
sguard1	Guard	Slot 608	agrandbr
sguard2	Guard	Slot 608	agrandrb
sguard3	Guard	Slot 608	agrandbr
sguard4	Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
shabod01	Wallag's Body	Slot 592	agrandbr
shadth01	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
shadth02	Rogue	Slot 600	agrandrb
shaerlee	Shaerlee	Slot 592	agrandrb
shagho01	Badon's Ghost	Slot 592	agrandrb
shagho02	Dettseh's Ghost	Slot 592	agrandnc
shank	Shank	Slot 592	agrandbr
shape	Frennedan	Slot 592	agrandbr
sharfit1	Half Quallian Warrior	Slot 592	agrandea
sharfit2	Tribal Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
sharfit3	Half Quallian Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
sharfit4	Tribal Shaman	Slot 592	agrandbr
sharthug	Tyrian	Slot 592	agrandrb
shbones	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
shmind	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
shth01	Hanz	Slot 600	agrandrb
shth011	Hanz	Slot 600	agrandrb
shth02	Goshan	Slot 600	agrandbr
shth03	Kretor	Slot 608	agrandbr
shth04	Morsa	Slot 600	agrandrb
shth05	Joster	Slot 600	agrandbr
shth06	Varia	Slot 600	agrandrb
shthass2	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
shthass3	Thief	Slot 592	agrandsw
shthdr01	Brannel	Slot 600	agrandrb
shthlt01	Jariel	Slot 600	agrandbr
shthlt02	Lathan	Slot 592	agrandnc
shthstor	Rattell	Slot 608	agrandrb
shtroll	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
shugar01	Sister Garlena	Slot 600	agrandea
shugfg01	Vigil Knight	Slot 592	agrandnc
shugho01	Ghostly Apparition	Slot 600	agrandrb
shugmg01	Vigil Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
shugod01	Odren	Slot 600	agrandbr
shugod02	Odren	Slot 592	agrandrb
shugpr01	Vigil Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
shupol01	Brother Pol	Slot 592	agrandnc
shwolf	Greater Wolfwere	Slot 592	agrandbr
sirine01	Sirine	Slot 608	agrandrg
skelar01	Skeleton Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
skelar02	Skeleton Archer	Slot 592	agrandrb
skelet	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrb
skelet_a	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrb
skelet01	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandbr
skelet02	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandbr
skelets	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrb
skelhp1	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandrb
skellord	Skeleton Lord	Slot 592	agrandsh
skelwa	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
skelwa01	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
skelwa02	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 584	agrandbr
skelwa03	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 584	agrandea
skelwax2	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
skelwax3	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
slamng01	Amnian Soldier	Slot 592	agrandrb
slandor	Andorian	Slot 592	agrandcl
slapri	Priest of Cyric	Slot 600	agrandrb
slarch1	Slaver Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
slaver1	Slaver Guard	Slot 600	agrandbr
slaver2	Slaver Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
slaver3	Slaver Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
slaver4	Slaver Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
slayer	Slayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
slayer2	Slayer	Slot 592	agrandrb
slayer3	Slayer	Slot 592	agrandsr
slaysh01	Slayer Shadow	Slot 592	agrandrb
slcent	Amnian Centurion	Slot 600	agrandbr
slguard1	Slaver Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
slguard2	Slaver Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
slilmat	Priest of Ilmater	Slot 608	agrandbr
slmage1	Slaver Wizard	Slot 600	agrandrb
slshop01	Black Market Thief	Slot 608	agrandbr
snaksw1	Yuan-Ti Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
snaksw10	Greater Yuan-Ti	Slot 584	agrandbr
snaksw11	Yuan-Ti Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
snaksw12	Yuan-Ti Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
snaksw2	Greater Yuan-Ti	Slot 592	agrandrb
snaksw3	Greater Yuan-Ti	Slot 584	agrandbr
snaksw5	Greater Yuan-Ti	Slot 592	agrandrb
snaksw6	Greater Yuan-Ti	Slot 592	agrandbr
snaksw7	Greater Yuan-Ti	Slot 592	agrandrb
snaksw8	Greater Yuan-Ti	Slot 592	agrandrb
snaksw9	Greater Yuan-Ti	Slot 584	agrandea
solar	Solar	Slot 592	agrandbr
solar01	Solar	Slot 592	agrandlx
sorced	Sonner	Slot 592	agrandrb
sorovin	Sorovin	Slot 592	agrandbr
sphurg	Hurg	Slot 592	agrandrb
spjeag	Jeagger	Slot 592	agrandbr
spmugg	Mugger	Slot 592	agrandbr
spmugg2	Ruffian Captain	Slot 592	agrandrb
spmugg3	Thug	Slot 600	agrandbr
sppain	Pai'Na	Slot 600	agrandbr
starcher	Shadow Thief Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
stass1	Shadow Thief Assassin	Slot 592	agrandbr
stdeath	Arkanis Gath	Slot 592	agrandlx
stein	Stein	Slot 608	agrandbr
stguard1	Shadow Thief Sentry	Slot 592	agrandrb
stguard2	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
stguard3	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
stmage	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
stolethf	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
stoneser	Rock Servant	Slot 592	agrandrb
suadsaan	Adsaan	Slot 600	agrandbr
sudemde1	Balor	Slot 584	agrandbr
sudemde2	Balor	Slot 584	agrandbr
sudemon	Balor	Slot 592	agrandbr
sudemon2	Balor	Slot 592	agrandrb
sudemw1	Balor	Slot 584	agrandrb
suelf11	Wounded Elf	Slot 592	agrandbr
suelf12	Captain Aduo'on	Slot 592	agrandbr
suelf13	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
suelf6	Elven Warrior	Slot 608	agrandrb
suelf7	Elven Warrior	Slot 608	agrandrb
suelf8	Elven Warrior	Slot 608	agrandsw
suelf9	Wounded Elf	Slot 592	agrandbr
suelfw1	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
suelfw10	Elven Battle Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
suelfw11	Elven Battle Mage	Slot 600	agrandrb
suelfw12	Elven Battle Mage	Slot 600	agrandrb
suelfw13	Elven Archer	Slot 600	agrandrb
suelfw14	Elven Archer	Slot 600	agrandrb
suelfw15	Elven Archer	Slot 600	agrandrb
suelfw2	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandsw
suelfw3	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandsw
suelfw4	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandrb
suelfw5	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandrb
suelfw6	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
suelfw7	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
suelfw8	Elven Warrior	Slot 600	agrandrb
suelfw9	Elven Battle Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
suelhan	Elhan	Slot 592	agrandbr
suelle	Ellesime	Slot 592	agrandrb
suelle2	Ellesime	Slot 592	agrandbr
suelleap	Ellesime	Slot 592	agrandrb
suelleg1	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
suendel1	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandlx
suendel2	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
suendel3	Elf Male	Slot 592	agrandnc
suendel4	Elf Female	Slot 592	agrandrb
suendel5	Elf	Slot 592	agrandrb
suendel6	Elf	Slot 592	agrandbr
suendel7	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
suendel8	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
sumoon	Elven Warrior	Slot 592	agrandrb
suna	Suna Seni	Slot 592	agrandbr
super1	Calahan	Slot 592	agrandrb
suraam	Raamilat	Slot 600	agrandbr
surakmah	Maharajah	Slot 600	agrandbr
surakraj	Rajah	Slot 600	agrandbr
surakruh	Ruhk	Slot 600	agrandbr
suraksha	Rakshasa	Slot 600	agrandbr
surakw1	Rakshasa	Slot 592	agrandrb
surakw2	Rakshasa	Slot 592	agrandbr
surakw3	Rakshasa	Slot 592	agrandbr
surakw4	Rakshasa	Slot 592	agrandbr
surly	Surly	Slot 600	agrandbr
susuneer	Suneer	Slot 600	agrandrb
sutroll	Troll	Slot 600	agrandbr
sutroll2	Troll	Slot 592	agrandrb
suundead	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandbr
suziyaad	Ziyaad	Slot 592	agrandbr
swsfoll1	Kobold Commando	Slot 600	agrandrb
swsfoll2	Kobold	Slot 600	agrandbr
swsfoll3	Kobold	Slot 600	agrandrb
swsfoll4	Kobold	Slot 600	agrandrb
swsfoll5	Kobold	Slot 600	agrandrb
swsfoll6	Kobold Commando	Slot 600	agrandbr
swshaman	Kobold Shaman	Slot 600	agrandsr
talkni01	Storm Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
talkni02	Storm Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
talmiss	Mistress Ada	Slot 592	agrandlx
talmiss2	Mistress Ada	Slot 608	agrandrb
talmur	Talmur	Slot 592	agrandbr
talvilon	Acolyte Vilon	Slot 608	agrandcl
tanadv01	Strachan Fireblade	Slot 592	agrandrb
tanadv02	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandrb
tanadv03	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandrb
tanadv04	Adventurer	Slot 592	agrandrb
tanadv05	Adventurer	Slot 600	agrandrb
tanadv06	Dunbar the Fifth	Slot 600	agrandbr
tanally1	Fael	Slot 592	agrandbr
tanari01	Tanar'ri	Slot 592	agrandbr
tanarixa	Tanar'ri	Slot 592	agrandsw
tanarixb	Tanar'ri	Slot 592	agrandrb
tanner	Rejiek Hidesman	Slot 608	agrandrb
tanskw1	Skeleton Warrior	Slot 592	agrandsh
tanthf01	Rune Assassin	Slot 592	agrandlx
tantug01	Thug	Slot 592	agrandbr
tantug02	Thug	Slot 592	agrandbr
tantug03	Thug	Slot 592	agrandbr
tanwiz02	Mage	Slot 584	agrandbr
tanwiz03	Mage	Slot 584	agrandbr
tanwiz04	Mage	Slot 584	agrandbr
tanwiz1	Vellin Dahn	Slot 600	agrandrb
tarnor	Tarnor the Hatchetman	Slot 600	agrandrb
tartar01	Tartarus	Slot 592	agrandrb
tartarus	Tartarus	Slot 592	agrandbr
tasloi01	Tasloi	Slot 592	agrandbr
tasloi02	Tasloi	Slot 592	agrandbr
tasloi03	Tasloi	Slot 592	agrandrb
tazok	Tazok	Slot 600	agrandbr
tdr10a	Kyland Lind	Slot 608	agrandrb
tdr10b	Shadow Druid	Slot 600	agrandrb
tdr6a	Shadow Druid	Slot 600	agrandbr
tdr8a	Shadow Druid	Slot 600	agrandbr
tdr8b	Shadow Druid	Slot 600	agrandrb
telagent	Teldorn Agent	Slot 592	agrandbr
telalu1	Alu-Fiend	Slot 592	agrandrb
telarch1	Teldorn Archer	Slot 600	agrandrb
telarch2	Teldorn Archer	Slot 600	agrandbr
telbal1	Balor	Slot 592	agrandrb
telcam1	Cambion	Slot 592	agrandrp
telcler1	Banite Priest	Slot 584	agrandrb
telcor1	Cornugon	Slot 592	agrandrb
telfght1	Teldorn Fighter	Slot 592	agrandrb
telfght2	Teldorn Fighter	Slot 592	agrandea
telfght3	Teldorn Fighter	Slot 600	agrandbr
telfght4	Teldorn Fighter	Slot 600	agrandlx
telimp1	Imp	Slot 592	agrandbr
telmess1	Teldorn Messenger	Slot 592	agrandbr
telmess2	Teldorn Messenger	Slot 592	agrandrb
telpit1	Pit Fiend	Slot 592	agrandrb
telpit2	Pit Fiend	Slot 592	agrandbr
telqua1	Quasit	Slot 592	agrandrb
telqua2	Quasit	Slot 592	agrandrb
telslav	Slave Wraith	Slot 600	agrandbr
teltan1	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandrb
teltan2	Glabrezu	Slot 592	agrandrb
teltief1	Tiefling	Slot 592	agrandcl
teltief2	Tiefling	Slot 592	agrandrb
teltief3	Tiefling	Slot 592	agrandrb
telwrai	Demon Wraith	Slot 592	agrandrb
temsup	Overgold Renwellyn	Slot 592	agrandbr
tenya	Tenya	Slot 608	agrandrb
terl	Terl	Slot 608	agrandbr
termer01	Mercenary	Slot 608	agrandrp
termer03	Mercenary	Slot 608	agrandsw
termer04	Mercenary	Slot 608	agrandbr
termer05	Mercenary	Slot 608	agrandbr
terrece	Terrece	Slot 608	agrandbr
tethtori	Tethtoril	Slot 592	agrandbr
theshal	Theshal	Slot 600	agrandrb
thief1	Sidge	Slot 592	agrandlx
thief2	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandsr
thief3	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
thief4	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
thief5	Gorvin	Slot 592	agrandrb
thief6	Zyntris	Slot 608	agrandbr
thief7	Anishai	Slot 608	agrandrb
thief8	Shadow Thief	Slot 608	agrandrb
thork1	Thorknar	Slot 592	agrandrb
thork2	Thorknar	Slot 592	agrandrb
thork3	Thorknar	Slot 592	agrandrb
thork4	Thorknar	Slot 592	agrandrb
thorkd1	Ranas	Slot 592	agrandbr
thorkd2	Ranas	Slot 592	agrandbr
thorkd3	Ranas	Slot 592	agrandrb
thorkd4	Ranas	Slot 592	agrandbr
thraxi	Thraxis Gall	Slot 584	agrandrb
tiana	Tiana	Slot 600	agrandbr
tirthold	Tirthold	Slot 592	agrandbr
tobban01	Sharik Nefal	Slot 600	agrandbr
tobban02	Orc Archer	Slot 600	agrandbr
tobban03	Orc	Slot 600	agrandbr
tobban04	Orog	Slot 600	agrandsw
tobpar01	Eler Had	Slot 608	agrandbr
tobpar02	Berena Elkan	Slot 600	agrandlx
tobpar03	Long Po	Slot 600	agrandbr
tobpar04	Karun the Black	Slot 608	agrandbr
tobpar05	Delga Deepdelver	Slot 600	agrandrp
tobpar06	Helena Fairhand	Slot 600	agrandrb
tolger	Tolgerias	Slot 600	agrandrb
tolmag01	Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
tolmag02	Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
topeslav	Duralerant	Slot 592	agrandbr
torgal	TorGal	Slot 608	agrandbr
torgal2	TorGal	Slot 592	agrandbr
torgal3	TorGal	Slot 584	agrandrb
travgrd1	Calimport Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
travgrd2	Calimport Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
travgrd3	Calimport Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
travgrd4	Calimport Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
travgrd5	Calimport Guard	Slot 592	agrandbr
travin	Travin	Slot 592	agrandbr
travmag2	Calimport Apprentice	Slot 592	agrandrb
travmage	Calimport Archmage	Slot 584	agrandbr
trcar03	Caravan Driver	Slot 592	agrandrb
trcut05	Lady Lilith Lurraxol	Slot 600	agrandbr
trcut06	Lord Skarmaen Alibakkar	Slot 600	agrandrb
trcut07	High Merchant Logan Coprith	Slot 592	agrandrb
trevil01	Lord Khellon Menold	Slot 600	agrandrb
trevil02	Guardian of the Source	Slot 608	agrandrb
trevil03	Master Verthan	Slot 608	agrandrb
trfued01	Lady Lilith Lurraxol	Slot 608	agrandbr
trfued02	Lurraxol Guard	Slot 608	agrandrb
trfued03	Lurraxol Guard	Slot 608	agrandsr
trfued04	Lurraxol Guard	Slot 608	agrandbr
trfued06	Alibakkar Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
trfued07	Alibakkar Guard	Slot 608	agrandlx
trfued08	Alibakkar Guard	Slot 608	agrandrb
trfued10	Alibakkar Guard	Slot 608	agrandrb
trfued11	Militia Wizard	Slot 608	agrandbr
trgeni01	Khan Zahraa	Slot 600	agrandrb
trgeni02	Taquee	Slot 600	agrandrb
trgeni03	Faafirah	Slot 600	agrandnc
trgyp04	Jidek	Slot 592	agrandbr
trlgrd01	Lord Logan's Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
trolde01	Desert Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
trolde02	Desert Troll	Slot 592	agrandnc
trolfr01	Freshwater Troll	Slot 592	agrandnc
trolfr02	Freshwater Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
trolgi01	Giant Troll	Slot 600	agrandrb
trolgi02	Giant Troll	Slot 600	agrandlx
trolic01	Ice Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
trolic02	Ice Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
trolic03	Blizzard Troll	Slot 592	agrandrb
trolic04	Blizzard Troll	Slot 592	agrandrb
trolicdd	Rotted Ice Troll	Slot 600	agrandbr
troll01	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
troll02	Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
troll03	Troll	Slot 600	agrandnc
trollens	Giant Troll	Slot 608	agrandrb
trollsm2	Troll	Slot 600	agrandbr
trolsi01	Spirit Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
trolsi02	Spirit Troll	Slot 592	agrandrb
trolsn01	Snow Troll	Slot 592	agrandnc
trolsn02	Snow Troll	Slot 592	agrandrb
trolsp01	Spectral Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
trolsp02	Spectral Troll	Slot 592	agrandbr
troluo01	Troll	Slot 600	agrandbr
trple01	Wilfred the Red	Slot 592	agrandrb
trrak04	Ruhk	Slot 584	agrandbr
trskin01	Raissa	Slot 592	agrandrb
trskin02	Tiris	Slot 600	agrandbr
trskin03	Rejiek Hidesman	Slot 592	agrandrb
trskin06	Darsidian Moor	Slot 592	agrandbr
trskin3b	Rejiek Hidesman	Slot 592	agrandrb
trskin6b	Darsidian Moor	Slot 592	agrandbr
trskind1	Rejiek Hidesman	Slot 592	agrandbr
trskind2	Darsidian Moor	Slot 592	agrandrb
trtavp05	Alenina	Slot 592	agrandbr
trthf01	Itona	Slot 592	agrandsr
trthf02	Kich	Slot 592	agrandbr
trthf03	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandbr
ttbelt	Belt	Slot 600	agrandrb
ttgibb	Gibberling	Slot 592	agrandbr
ttkob	Kobold	Slot 592	agrandsw
ttser1	Jospil	Slot 592	agrandrb
ttser2	Brevin	Slot 592	agrandbr
ttskel	Skeleton	Slot 592	agrandlx
turn	Cleric	Slot 592	agrandbr
u!kgen	Genie	Slot 592	agrandrb
u!kjaf	Jafir	Slot 600	agrandcl
ubcorian	Corianna	Slot 592	agrandrb
ubogma01	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
ubogma02	Ogre Mage	Slot 592	agrandcl
udbalor	Balor	Slot 584	agrandlx
udbeho01	Beholder	Slot 592	agrandbr
udbeho02	Beholder	Slot 592	agrandbr
udchal	Chalinthra	Slot 592	agrandrb
udcom03	Drow Patron	Slot 600	agrandrb
uddear02	Uder Mordin	Slot 592	agrandbr
uddear03	Finderlig	Slot 592	agrandrb
uddeath	Demon Knight	Slot 592	agrandbr
uddeath2	Demon Knight	Slot 592	agrandrb
uddemon	Lesser Demon Lord	Slot 584	agrandrb
uddoor01	Drow	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddoor02	Drow	Slot 608	agrandrb
uddoor03	Drow	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddoor05	Drow Wizard	Slot 608	agrandrb
uddoor06	Drow Priestess	Slot 608	agrandbr
uddoor07	Skeleton	Slot 608	agrandbr
uddoor09	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
uddrow01	Matron's Guard	Slot 600	agrandrb
uddrow02	Executioner	Slot 600	agrandrb
uddrow03	Ritual Guard	Slot 608	agrandbr
uddrow04	Szordrin	Slot 600	agrandnc
uddrow05	Drow Cook	Slot 600	agrandlx
uddrow06	Ilmryn	Slot 600	agrandrb
uddrow07	Merinid	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow08	Baragh	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow09	Tathlyn	Slot 600	agrandrb
uddrow10	Nym Khalazza	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow11	Drow	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow12	Drow	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow13	Drow	Slot 600	agrandsr
uddrow15	Drow	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow16	Sondal	Slot 600	agrandrb
uddrow17	Drow	Slot 584	agrandbr
uddrow18	Drow	Slot 584	agrandrb
uddrow19	Drow	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow20	Egg Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
uddrow21	Egg Guard	Slot 592	agrandlx
uddrow22	Drow Bartender	Slot 592	agrandbr
uddrow23	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
uddrow24	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
uddrow25	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
uddrow26	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
uddrow27	Drow	Slot 584	agrandbr
uddrow28	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
uddrow29	Drow	Slot 584	agrandrb
uddrow30	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
uddrow31	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
uddrow32	Drow Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow33	Drow Warrior	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow35	Priestess of Lolth	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow36	Handmaiden of Lolth	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddrow37	Drow	Slot 600	agrandrb
uddrow50	Drow Wizard	Slot 600	agrandbr
uddwarf	Insane Dwarf Warrior	Slot 584	agrandbr
udelder	Elder Orb	Slot 592	agrandrb
udgirl	Priestess of Lolth	Slot 592	agrandbr
udill01	Mind Flayer	Slot 592	agrandbr
udill02	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandbr
udimp	Imp	Slot 592	agrandrp
udimrae	Imrae	Slot 600	agrandrb
udkuo01	Kuo-toan Leader	Slot 600	agrandbr
udkuo02	Master Whip	Slot 608	agrandrb
udlesa	Lasaonar	Slot 600	agrandbr
udman	Drow	Slot 592	agrandbr
udmind01	Mind Flayer	Slot 584	agrandrp
udmind02	Mind Flayer	Slot 600	agrandnc
udmind03	Mind Flayer	Slot 584	agrandrb
udmind04	Mind Flayer	Slot 584	agrandea
udmind10	Mind Flayer	Slot 600	agrandrb
udnaba	Nabassu	Slot 592	agrandrb
udogre	Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
udphae02	Phaere	Slot 592	agrandrb
udprince	Kuo-toan Prince	Slot 600	agrandbr
udrunner	Drow	Slot 592	agrandrb
udsaha	Sahuagin Prince	Slot 592	agrandbr
udsilver	Adalon	Slot 592	agrandbr
udsimyaz	Simyaz	Slot 608	agrandbr
udsvdead	Svirfneblin	Slot 592	agrandrb
udsvir02	Svirfneblin	Slot 600	agrandrb
udsvir03	Goldander Blackenrock	Slot 600	agrandrb
udsvir04	Innkeeper 	Slot 600	agrandbr
udsvir05	Therndle Daglefodd	Slot 600	agrandrb
udsvir06	Svirfneblin	Slot 600	agrandbr
udtrap01	Madman Aganalo	Slot 592	agrandrb
udtrap02	Raevilin Strathi	Slot 592	agrandbr
udtrap03	Riti	Slot 600	agrandrb
udtrap04	Alchra Diagott	Slot 600	agrandrb
udtrap05	Gont of Riatavin	Slot 592	agrandrb
udtrap06	Bedlen Daglefodd	Slot 600	agrandbr
udumb02	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandbr
udumber	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandrb
udvamp	Vampiric Illithid	Slot 592	agrandrb
uhcreat2	Diseased Gibberling	Slot 600	agrandbr
uhgibb01	Diseased Gibberling	Slot 592	agrandbr
uhkid01	Dirbert	Slot 600	agrandbr
uhkid02	Valsben	Slot 592	agrandbr
uhkid03	Neler	Slot 592	agrandbr
uhman02	Nelleck	Slot 600	agrandbr
uhmer01	Elence Fielding	Slot 600	agrandbr
uhogre03	Minotaur	Slot 608	agrandbr
uhogre04	Gnoll	Slot 600	agrandbr
uhogre05	Orc	Slot 600	agrandrb
uhrang01	Merella	Slot 592	agrandrb
ulraun	Ulraunt	Slot 600	agrandrb
umbcali1	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandbr
umbcali2	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandrb
umbcali3	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandrb
umbcali4	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandbr
umbcali5	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandbr
umbhul01	Umber Hulk	Slot 592	agrandbr
umbhul02	Umber Hulk Elder	Slot 592	agrandrg
unsee	The Unseeing Eye	Slot 592	agrandbr
va#astsd	Astral Shard	Slot 592	agrandrb
va#balor	Baloar	Slot 600	agrandbr
va#ghost	Spirit	Slot 592	agrandrb
va#guli2	Gulin	Slot 592	agrandrp
va#gulin	Gulin	Slot 592	agrandbr
va#kergo	Captain Kergo	Slot 592	agrandrb
va#lich	Servant	Slot 592	agrandbr
va#lizrd	Lizard Man Shaman	Slot 592	agrandbr
va#maril	Astral Shard Guardian	Slot 592	agrandrb
va#minot	Minotaur	Slot 592	agrandrb
va#orc	Orc Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
va#orog	Orog	Slot 592	agrandbr
va#panda	Pandaira	Slot 592	agrandrb
va#tian	Tian	Slot 600	agrandbr
va#tian2	Tian	Slot 592	agrandlx
va#wiste	Wistemach	Slot 592	agrandbr
vaelag	Vaelag	Slot 600	agrandbr
vaelasa	Vaelasa	Slot 600	agrandnc
vaelg01	Vaelag's Guard	Slot 592	agrandrb
vail	Statue	Slot 592	agrandbr
vakfgt01	Thug	Slot 600	agrandbr
vakg01	Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
vakg02	Archer	Slot 592	agrandbr
vakg03	Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
vakg04	Goon	Slot 592	agrandrb
vakmag01	Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
vakola	Vakola	Slot 600	agrandrb
vakthf01	Thug	Slot 600	agrandsw
valinor	Valinor	Slot 592	agrandrb
valinor1	Valinor	Slot 592	agrandsr
valmag01	Mage	Slot 592	agrandea
valmag02	Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
valmag03	Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
valran01	Derrick	Slot 592	agrandrb
valran02	Ranger	Slot 600	agrandbr
valran03	Ranger	Slot 592	agrandrb
vamanc01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
vamemi01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandbr
vamflf01	Fledgling Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
vamflm01	Fledgling Vampire	Slot 592	agrandcl
vammat01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
vamold01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandbr
vampamb	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
vampat01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
vampbat	Vampire Bat	Slot 592	agrandrb
vampif01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
vampim01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
vampire1	Ulvaryl	Slot 592	agrandea
vampm01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandrb
vampyf01	Vampyre	Slot 592	agrandrb
vampym01	Vampyre	Slot 592	agrandbr
vamq1	Vampyre	Slot 592	agrandrb
vamver01	Vampire	Slot 592	agrandbr
vara	Vara Fentan	Slot 592	agrandrb
vicg1	Fanatic	Slot 608	agrandsr
vicg2	Fanatic	Slot 600	agrandbr
vicg3	Fanatic	Slot 600	agrandrb
vicpri01	Handmaiden of Lolth	Slot 592	agrandrb
victown3	Nobleman	Slot 600	agrandbr
viekang	Viekang	Slot 592	agrandbr
vulfgt01	Laen Torg	Slot 592	agrandea
vulfgt02	Vulova Wizard	Slot 600	agrandrb
vulova	Senior Armagaran Vulova	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvamn1	Amnian Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
vvamn2	Amnian Soldier	Slot 608	agrandrb
vvamn3	Amnian Soldier	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvarkan	Arkanis Gath	Slot 608	agrandrb
vvbodhi	Bodhi	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvcat	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvdead1	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvdead2	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvdead3	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrg
vvfemal1	Vampire	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvfemal2	Vampire	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvfemal3	Vampire	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvhareis	Hareishan	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvmadman	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvmale1	Vampire	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvmale2	Vampire	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvmale3	Vampire	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvmale4	Vampire	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvmale5	Vampire	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvmale6	Vampire	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvmale7	Vampire	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvpriest	Priest of Talos	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvryokoi	Ryokoi	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvsalia	Salia	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvsansuk	Sansuki	Slot 608	agrandrb
vvshad1	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandsw
vvshad10	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvshad11	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvshad12	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvshad2	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvshad3	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvshad4	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvshad5	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvshad6	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvshad7	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandbr
vvshad8	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvshad9	Shadow Thief	Slot 600	agrandrb
vvtanov	Tanova	Slot 600	agrandbr
walla	Wallace	Slot 608	agrandrb
wardabi1	Silver Abishai	Slot 592	agrandbr
wardabi2	Silver Abishai	Slot 592	agrandrb
wardmaga	Virdei Forgebrand	Slot 584	agrandrb
wardmagb	Eris Elenaak	Slot 584	agrandrp
wardmagc	Virdei Forgebrand	Slot 584	agrandrb
wardtief	Erinyes	Slot 592	agrandrb
wardwiz1	Grand Mage	Slot 592	agrandbr
wardwiz2	Grand Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
wardwiz3	Grand Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
wardwiz4	Grand Mage	Slot 592	agrandsw
wardwiz5	Grand Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
wardwizs	Strumpet	Slot 592	agrandbr
warsage	Elven War Sage	Slot 592	agrandbr
waukni01	Waukeenar Knight	Slot 592	agrandsw
wcust04	Customer	Slot 600	agrandrb
wellyn	Wellyn	Slot 600	agrandbr
weregr01	Greater Werewolf	Slot 584	agrandrp
weregrdr	Greater Werewolf	Slot 584	agrandrb
werewo01	Werewolf	Slot 584	agrandrb
werewodr	Werewolf	Slot 584	agrandrb
werewogr	Greater Werewolf	Slot 584	agrandrb
werewyv1	Ekim Cyre	Slot 600	agrandrb
werewyv2	Ekim Cyre	Slot 600	agrandrb
william	Sir Branet Al-Thon	Slot 592	agrandbr
wilmat	Priestess of Ilmater	Slot 592	agrandsw
winthr3	Winthrop	Slot 584	agrandbr
wish01	Djinni	Slot 592	agrandbr
wish02	Djinni	Slot 592	agrandbr
wolfgr01	Greater Wolfwere	Slot 584	agrandsr
wolfwe01	Wolfwere	Slot 584	agrandsh
wolfwe02	Wolfwere	Slot 584	agrandrb
worker01	Laborer	Slot 592	agrandbr
worker02	Laborer	Slot 592	agrandrb
wraith01	Wraith	Slot 592	agrandbr
wrashi01	Shimmering Wraith	Slot 592	agrandrb
wtthork5	Thorknar	Slot 592	agrandsw
wtthork6	Thorknar	Slot 592	agrandbr
wwarro1	De'Lyl Guardsman	Slot 592	agrandbr
wwarro2	De'Lyl Guardsman	Slot 592	agrandbr
wwbilly	Billy	Slot 592	agrandbr
wwcowl1	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandrb
wwcowl2	Cowled Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandrg
wwdelag	Delag	Slot 592	agrandbr
wweff	Eforf	Slot 592	agrandrb
wwelle	Eleanya	Slot 592	agrandcl
wwfght1	De'Lyl Guardsman	Slot 592	agrandrb
wwfght2	De'Lyl Guardsman	Slot 592	agrandbr
wwsten	Sten	Slot 592	agrandbr
wwswoo	Smethy	Slot 592	agrandrb
wwvivi	Vivick	Slot 592	agrandrb
wyvbab01	Baby Wyvern	Slot 592	agrandbr
wyvern01	Wyvern	Slot 592	agrandrb
wyvfight	Wyvern Cultist	Slot 592	agrandcl
wyvgre01	Greater Wyvern	Slot 592	agrandrb
wyvmag14	Wyvern Cultist	Slot 584	agrandrb
x#ajdoug	Douglas	Slot 608	agrandbr
x#ajdrre	Red Dragon	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#ajdrsi	Silver Dragon	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#amelia	Amelia	Slot 600	agrandbr
x#andart	Andarthe	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#beado1	Beador	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#beador	Beador	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#belgin	Belgin	Slot 600	agrandrb
x#black	Blackberry	Slot 600	agrandbr
x#bodhi	Arel	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#cautz	Cautz'qu'ati'kan	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#chop	Chop The Lady Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#corafi	Coran, The Peerless Archer	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#corwyv	Wyvern	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#cru11	Cru The Lady Ogre	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#cutva1	Rogue	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#cutva2	Rogue	Slot 592	agrandcl
x#cutva3	Rogue	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#cutva4	Rogue	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#david	David Jansen	Slot 600	agrandrb
x#dgnle1	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#dgnle2	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#dgnle3	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandrp
x#dgnle4	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#dgnlg1	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#dgnlg2	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#dgnlg3	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#dgnlg4	Gnoll	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#diala	Diala	Slot 592	agrandrp
x#drag2	Cautz'qu'ati'kan's hubby	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#dyqimp	Ichthraa	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#elhan	Elhan	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#elles	Queen Ellesime	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#gael	Gael	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#garz01	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#garz02	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#garz03	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#garz04	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#joni	Stranger	Slot 592	agrandsr
x#kaband	Caravan Bandit Leader	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#karris	Karris	Slot 600	agrandsw
x#lassa	Lassal	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#mareth	Maretha	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#mazuri	Mazuri	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#mepht1	Smoke Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#mepht2	Smoke Mephit	Slot 592	agrandsw
x#mepht3	Smoke Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#mepht4	Smoke Mephit	Slot 592	agrandrp
x#mepht5	Smoke Mephit	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#minuw	Minuwiel	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#natan	Natan	Slot 608	agrandbr
x#rashel	Rashel	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#saha01	Sahuagin Chieftain	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#saha02	Sahuagin	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#shdr6	Druid	Slot 600	agrandbr
x#shdr6a	Druid	Slot 600	agrandbr
x#shdr6b	Druid	Slot 600	agrandrb
x#shdr8a	Druid	Slot 600	agrandrb
x#shdr8b	Druid	Slot 600	agrandbr
x#siene	Siene	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#skodd	Skodd	Slot 592	agrandsh
x#storm	Storm	Slot 600	agrandbr
x#tanari	Aravaata	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#tanov	Tanova	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#tqbh1	Alvo	Slot 600	agrandrb
x#tqbh2	Leti	Slot 600	agrandrb
x#tqbh3	Zed	Slot 600	agrandrb
x#tqbh4	Mati	Slot 600	agrandbr
x#ulvar	Ulvar	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#winski	Winski Perorate	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#xqmer1	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandrp
x#xqmer2	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#xqmer3	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#xqmer4	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#xqmer5	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#xqmer6	Mercenary	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#xvart1	Xvart	Slot 592	agrandbr
x#xvart2	Xvart	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#xzfsp1	Forest Spirit	Slot 600	agrandsw
x#xzgu01	Flaming Fist Officer	Slot 608	agrandsh
x#xzgu02	Flaming Fist Enforcer	Slot 592	agrandrb
x#zosya	Zosya	Slot 600	agrandbr
xappren1	Prebek	Slot 600	agrandrb
xappren2	Sanasha	Slot 608	agrandrb
xcaptain	Carlon Lendras	Slot 592	agrandsh
xcrew01	Crew Member	Slot 592	agrandbr
xcrew02	Crew Member	Slot 592	agrandbr
xcrew03	Crew Member	Slot 592	agrandrb
xcrew04	Crew Member	Slot 592	agrandbr
xghast1	Ghast	Slot 584	agrandrb
xghast2	Ghast	Slot 584	agrandrb
xvart	Xvart	Slot 592	agrandbr
xvart_a	Xvart	Slot 592	agrandbr
xvart_d	Xvart Protector	Slot 592	agrandbr
xvart01	Xvart	Slot 592	agrandbr
xvart02	Xvart	Slot 592	agrandrb
xvart03	Xvart	Slot 592	agrandbr
xvartpre	Xvart Shaman	Slot 584	agrandrg
yachol	Yochlol	Slot 592	agrandbr
yaga01	Yaga-Shura	Slot 592	agrandcl
yaga02	Lieutenant Mage	Slot 584	agrandrb
yaga03	Lieutenant Fighter	Slot 584	agrandbr
yaga04	Lieutenant Cleric	Slot 584	agrandbr
yaga05	Lieutenant Thief	Slot 584	agrandrb
yagaspir	Yaga-Shura	Slot 592	agrandbr
yarin	Yarin	Slot 592	agrandbr
yarmy01	Fighter	Slot 608	agrandrb
yarmy02	Archer	Slot 600	agrandlx
yarmy03	Mage	Slot 608	agrandlx
yochlo01	Yochlol	Slot 592	agrandbr
yscara03	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandrb
yscler01	Cleric Of Talos	Slot 592	agrandlx
ysfire01	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandbr
ysfire02	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandnc
ysg2	Fire Giant	Slot 600	agrandrb
ysgp01	Toop the Brave	Slot 592	agrandrb
ysgp02	Merlinious	Slot 592	agrandrb
ysgp03	Tibbit	Slot 592	agrandrb
ysgp04	Chinchilla	Slot 592	agrandbr
ysgp05	Chinchilla	Slot 584	agrandrb
ysgrunt	Yaga-Shura Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
ysguar01	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandrb
ysguar02	Yaga-Shura Soldier	Slot 592	agrandrb
ysguar03	Yaga-Shura Mage	Slot 600	agrandsr
ysguar04	Yaga-Shura Soldier	Slot 592	agrandsr
ysguar05	Yaga-Shura Soldier	Slot 592	agrandrb
ysguar06	Yaga-Shura Officer	Slot 592	agrandrb
ysmage01	Yaga-Shura Mage	Slot 584	agrandrb
ysmage02	Yaga-Shura Mage	Slot 600	agrandbr
yssold01	Yaga-Shura Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
yssold02	Yaga-Shura Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
yssold03	Yaga-Shura Officer	Slot 592	agrandrb
yssold04	Yaga-Shura Elite	Slot 592	agrandbr
yssold10	Fire Giant	Slot 592	agrandrb
yssold12	Yaga-Shura Soldier	Slot 592	agrandrb
yssold13	Yaga-Shura Soldier	Slot 592	agrandbr
yssold14	Yaga-Shura Mage	Slot 592	agrandrb
yssold15	Yaga-Shura Officer	Slot 592	agrandbr
yssold16	Cleric Of Talos	Slot 592	agrandbr
yusef	Yusef	Slot 600	agrandbr
yuxbossa	Marilith	Slot 592	agrandrb
yuxinvi	Barl	Slot 592	agrandrb
zcaptain	Carlon Lendras	Slot 592	agrandbr
zilarc01	Black Reaver	Slot 592	agrandbr
zilfgt01	Black Reaver	Slot 592	agrandea
zilfgt02	Black Reaver	Slot 592	agrandbr
zilmag01	Black Reaver	Slot 592	agrandnc
zombie	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
zombie_a	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandbr
zombie_b	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandsr
zombie01	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandsh
zombju01	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
zomblo01	Zombie Lord	Slot 600	agrandbr
zombse01	Sea Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
zombsexx	Zombie	Slot 592	agrandrb
zprize3	Shadow Thief	Slot 592	agrandrb
